Word,Definition
Aaronic,Alt. of Aaronical
Aaronical,Pertaining to Aaron  the first high priest of the Jews.
Abacinate,To blind by a red-hot metal plate held before the eyes.
Abacination,The act of abacinating.
Abacist,One who uses an abacus in casting accounts; a calculator.
Aback,Toward the back or rear; backward.
Abaction,Stealing cattle on a large scale.
Abaculi,of Abaculus
Abacuses,of Abacus
Abaci,of Abacus
Abada,The rhinoceros.
Abaft,Behind; toward the stern from; as  abaft the wheelhouse.
Abaisance,Obeisance.
Abaiser,Ivory black or animal charcoal.
Abaist,Abashed; confounded; discomfited.
Abalienate,To transfer the title of from one to another; to alienate.
Abalienation,The act of abalienating; alienation; estrangement.
Aband,To abandon.
Abandoned,of Abandon
Abandoning,of Abandon
Abandon,To cast or drive out; to banish; to expel; to reject.
Abandonedly,Unrestrainedly.
Abandonee,One to whom anything is legally abandoned.
Abandoner,One who abandons.
Abandum,Anything forfeited or confiscated.
Abanet,See Abnet.
Abannation,Alt. of Abannition
Abannition,Banishment.
Abased,of Abase
Abasing,of Abase
Abasedly,Abjectly; downcastly.
Abaser,He who  or that which abases.
Abashed,of Abash
Abashing,of Abash
Abashedly,In an abashed manner.
Abashment,The state of being abashed; confusion from shame.
Abassi,Alt. of Abassis
Abassis,A silver coin of Persia  worth about twenty cents.
Abatable,Capable of being abated; as  an abatable writ or nuisance.
Abated,of Abate
Abating,of Abate
Abate,To beat down; to overthrow.
Abater,One who  or that which abates.
Abatis,Alt. of Abattis
Abatised,Provided with an abatis.
Abator,One who abates a nuisance.
Abattoirs,of Abattoir
Abattoir,A public slaughterhouse for cattle  sheep etc.
Abatvoix,The sounding-board over a pulpit or rostrum.
Abawed,Astonished; abashed.
Abaxial,Alt. of Abaxile
Abaxile,Away from the axis or central line; eccentric.
Abay,Barking; baying of dogs upon their prey. See Bay.
Abbacies,of Abbacy
Abbacy,The dignity  estate or jurisdiction of an abbot.
Abbatial,Belonging to an abbey; as  abbatial rights.
Abbatical,Abbatial.
Abbeys,of Abbey
Abbot,The superior or head of an abbey.
Abbotship,The state or office of an abbot.
Abbreviated,of Abbreviate
Abbreviating,of Abbreviate
Abbreviation,The act of shortening  or reducing.
Abbreviator,One who abbreviates or shortens.
Abbreviatory,Serving or tending to abbreviate; shortening; abridging.
Abbreviature,An abbreviation; an abbreviated state or form.
Abb wool,See Abb.
Abdal,A religious devotee or dervish in Persia.
Abderian,Given to laughter; inclined to foolish or incessant merriment.
Abderite,An inhabitant of Abdera  in Thrace.
Abdicable,Capable of being abdicated.
Abdicant,Abdicating; renouncing; -- followed by of.
Abdicated,of Abdicate
Abdicating,of Abdicate
Abdicative,Causing  or implying abdication.
Abdicator,One who abdicates.
Abditive,Having the quality of hiding.
Abditory,A place for hiding or preserving articles of value.
Abdominals,of Abdominal
Abdominales,of Abdominal
Abdominalia,A group of cirripeds having abdominal appendages.
Abdominoscopy,Examination of the abdomen to detect abdominal disease.
Abdominothoracic,Relating to the abdomen and the thorax  or chest.
Abdominous,Having a protuberant belly; pot-bellied.
Abduced,of Abduce
Abducing,of Abduce
Abducted,of Abduct
Abducting,of Abduct
Abductor,One who abducts.
Abear,To bear; to behave.
Abearance,Behavior.
Abearing,Behavior.
Abecedarian,One who is learning the alphabet; hence  a tyro.
Abed,In bed  or on the bed.
Abegge,Same as Aby.
Abele,The white poplar (Populus alba).
Abelian,Alt. of Abelonian
Abelite,Alt. of Abelonian
Aberr,To wander; to stray.
Aberrance,Alt. of Aberrancy
Aberrant,Wandering; straying from the right way.
Aberrate,To go astray; to diverge.
Aberrational,Characterized by aberration.
Aberuncate,To weed out.
Aberuncator,A weeding machine.
Abetted,of Abet
Abetting,of Abet
Abetment,The act of abetting; as  an abetment of treason crime etc.
Abettal,Abetment.
Abetter,Alt. of Abettor
Abettor,One who abets; an instigator of an offense or an offender.
Abevacuation,A partial evacuation.
Abeyance,Expectancy; condition of being undetermined.
Abeyancy,Abeyance.
Abeyant,Being in a state of abeyance.
Abhal,The berries of a species of cypress in the East Indies.
Abhominable,Abominable.
Abhominal,Inhuman.
Abhorred,of Abhor
Abhorring,of Abhor
Abhorrence,Extreme hatred or detestation; the feeling of utter dislike.
Abhorrency,Abhorrence.
Abhorrently,With abhorrence.
Abhorrer,One who abhors.
Abhorrible,Detestable.
Abidance,The state of abiding; abode; continuance; compliance (with).
Abode,of Abide
Abid,of Abide
Abiding,of Abide
Abide,To wait; to pause; to delay.
Abider,One who abides  or continues.
Abidingly,Permanently.
Abietin,Alt. of Abietine
Abietinic,Of or pertaining to abietin; as  abietinic acid.
Abigail,A lady's waiting-maid.
Abiliment,Habiliment.
Abilities,of Ability
Abime,Alt. of Abyme
Abyme,A abyss.
Abiogenetic,Of or pertaining to abiogenesis.
Abiogenous,Produced by spontaneous generation.
Abiogeny,Same as Abiogenesis.
Abiological,Pertaining to the study of inanimate things.
Abirritant,A medicine that diminishes irritation.
Abirritate,To diminish the sensibility of; to debilitate.
Abirritative,Characterized by abirritation or debility.
Abit,3d sing. pres. of Abide.
Abject,Cast down; low-lying.
Abjectedness,A very abject or low condition; abjectness.
Abjection,The act of bringing down or humbling.
Abjectly,Meanly; servilely.
Abjectness,The state of being abject; abasement; meanness; servility.
Abjudge,To take away by judicial decision.
Abjudicate,To reject by judicial sentence; also  to abjudge.
Abjudication,Rejection by judicial sentence.
Abjugate,To unyoke.
Abjunctive,Exceptional.
Abjuratory,Containing abjuration.
Abjured,of Abjure
Abjuring,of Abjure
Abjurement,Renunciation.
Abjurer,One who abjures.
Ablactate,To wean.
Ablaqueate,To lay bare  as the roots of a tree.
Ablastemic,Non-germinal.
Ablation,A carrying or taking away; removal.
Ablatitious,Diminishing; as  an ablatitious force.
Ablative,Taking away or removing.
Ablaze,On fire; in a blaze  gleaming.
Able,Fit; adapted; suitable.
Able-bodied,Having a sound  strong body; physically competent; robust.
Ablegate,To send abroad.
Ablegation,The act of sending abroad.
Able-minded,Having much intellectual power.
Ableness,Ability of body or mind; force; vigor.
Ablepsy,Blindness.
Abler,comp. of Able.
Ablet,Alt. of Ablen
Ablen,A small fresh-water fish (Leuciscus alburnus); the bleak.
Abligate,To tie up so as to hinder from.
Abligurition,Prodigal expense for food.
Ablins,Perhaps.
Abloom,In or into bloom; in a blooming state.
Ablude,To be unlike; to differ.
Abluent,Washing away; carrying off impurities; detergent.
Ablush,Blushing; ruddy.
Ablutionary,Pertaining to ablution.
Abluvion,That which is washed off.
Abnegated,of Abnegate
Abnegating,of Abnegate
Abnegate,To deny and reject; to abjure.
Abnegation,a denial; a renunciation.
Abnegative,Denying; renouncing; negative.
Abnegator,One who abnegates  denies or rejects anything.
Abnet,The girdle of a Jewish priest or officer.
Abnodate,To clear (tress) from knots.
Abnodation,The act of cutting away the knots of trees.
Abnormalities,of Abnormality
Abnormality,The state or quality of being abnormal; variation; irregularity.
Abnormally,In an abnormal manner; irregularly.
Abnormities,of Abnormity
Abnormity,Departure from the ordinary type; irregularity; monstrosity.
Abnormous,Abnormal; irregular.
Abodance,An omen; a portending.
Abodement,A foreboding; an omen.
Aboding,A foreboding.
Abolished,of Abolish
Abolishing,of Abolish
Abolishable,Capable of being abolished.
Abolisher,One who abolishes.
Abolishment,The act of abolishing; abolition; destruction.
Abolitionism,The principles or measures of abolitionists.
Abolitionize,To imbue with the principles of abolitionism.
Aboma,A large South American serpent (Boa aboma).
Abomasum,Alt. of Abomasus
Abominableness,The quality or state of being abominable; odiousness.
Abominably,In an abominable manner; very odiously; detestably.
Abominated,of Abominate
Abominating,of Abominate
Aboon,and adv. Above.
Aboral,Situated opposite to  or away from the mouth.
Abord,Manner of approaching or accosting; address.
Aboriginality,The quality of being aboriginal.
Aboriginally,Primarily.
Aborigines,The earliest known inhabitants of a country; native races.
Aborsement,Abortment; abortion.
Aborsive,Abortive.
Abort,To miscarry; to bring forth young prematurely.
Aborted,Brought forth prematurely.
Aborticide,The act of destroying a fetus in the womb; feticide.
Abortifacient,Producing miscarriage.
Abortional,Pertaining to abortion; miscarrying; abortive.
Abortionist,One who procures abortion or miscarriage.
Abortive,Produced by abortion; born prematurely; as  an abortive child.
Abortively,In an abortive or untimely manner; immaturely; fruitlessly.
Abortiveness,The quality of being abortive.
Abortment,Abortion.
Abought,imp. & p. p. of Aby.
Abounded,of Abound
Abounding,of Abound
Abound,To be in great plenty; to be very prevalent; to be plentiful.
About,Around; all round; on every side of.
About-sledge,The largest hammer used by smiths.
Above-cited,Cited before  in the preceding part of a book or writing.
Abovedeck,On deck; and hence  like aboveboard without artifice.
Above-mentioned,Alt. of Above-named
Above-named,Mentioned or named before; aforesaid.
Abovesaid,Mentioned or recited before.
Abox,Braced aback.
Abradant,A material used for grinding  as emery sand powdered glass etc.
Abraded,of Abrade
Abrading,of Abrade
Abrahamitic,Alt. of ical
ical,Relating to the patriarch Abraham.
Abraham-man,Alt. of Abram-man
Abraid,To awake; to arouse; to stir or start up; also  to shout out.
Abranchial,Abranchiate.
Abranchiate,Without gills.
Abrase,Rubbed smooth.
Abrasive,Producing abrasion.
Abraum,Alt. of Abraum salts
Abray,See Abraid.
Abregge,See Abridge.
Abrenounce,To renounce.
Abrenunciation,Absolute renunciation or repudiation.
Abreption,A snatching away.
Abricock,See Apricot.
Abridged,of Abridge
Abridging,of Abridge
Abridger,One who abridges.
Abroach,To set abroach; to let out  as liquor; to broach; to tap.
Abrogable,Capable of being abrogated.
Abrogate,Abrogated; abolished.
Abrogated,of Abrogate
Abrogating,of Abrogate
Abrogation,The act of abrogating; repeal by authority.
Abrogative,Tending or designed to abrogate; as  an abrogative law.
Abrogator,One who repeals by authority.
Abrood,In the act of brooding.
Abrook,To brook; to endure.
Abruption,A sudden breaking off; a violent separation of bodies.
Abscesses,of Abscess
Abscession,A separating; removal; also  an abscess.
Abscind,To cut off.
Abscision,See Abscission.
Abscisses,of Absciss
Absciss,See Abscissa.
Abscissas,of Abscissa
Abscissae,of Abscissa
Abscission,The act or process of cutting off.
Absconded,of Abscond
Absconding,of Abscond
Abscond,To hide  withdraw or be concealed.
Abscondence,Fugitive concealment; secret retirement; hiding.
Absconder,One who absconds.
Absent,Being away from a place; withdrawn from a place; not present.
Absented,of Absent
Absenting,of Absent
Absentaneous,Pertaining to absence.
Absentation,The act of absenting one's self.
Absenter,One who absents one's self.
Absently,In an absent or abstracted manner.
Absentment,The state of being absent; withdrawal.
Absent-minded,Absent in mind; abstracted; preoccupied.
Absentness,The quality of being absent-minded.
Absey-book,An A-B-C book; a primer.
Absinthate,A combination of absinthic acid with a base or positive radical.
Absinth,Alt. of Absinthe
Absinthe,The plant absinthium or common wormwood.
Absinthial,Of or pertaining to wormwood; absinthian.
Absinthian,Of the nature of wormwood.
Absinthiate,To impregnate with wormwood.
Absinthiated,Impregnated with wormwood; as  absinthiated wine.
Absinthic,Relating to the common wormwood or to an acid obtained from it.
Absinthin,The bitter principle of wormwood (Artemisia absinthium).
Absinthism,The condition of being poisoned by the excessive use of absinth.
Absis,See Apsis.
Absist,To stand apart from; top leave off; to desist.
Absistence,A standing aloof.
Absolutist,One who is in favor of an absolute or autocratic government.
Absolutistic,Pertaining to absolutism; absolutist.
Absolutory,Serving to absolve; absolving.
Absolvable,That may be absolved.
Absolvatory,Conferring absolution; absolutory.
Absolved,of Absolve
Absolving,of Absolve
Absolvent,Absolving.
Absolver,One who absolves.
Absonant,Discordant; contrary; -- opposed to consonant.
Absonous,Discordant; inharmonious; incongruous.
Absorbed,of Absorb
Absorbing,of Absorb
Absorbability,The state or quality of being absorbable.
Absorbable,Capable of being absorbed or swallowed up.
Absorbedly,In a manner as if wholly engrossed or engaged.
Absorbency,Absorptiveness.
Absorbent,Absorbing; swallowing; absorptive.
Absorber,One who  or that which absorbs.
Absorbition,Absorption.
Absorpt,Absorbed.
Absorptive,Having power  capacity or tendency to absorb or imbibe.
Absorptiveness,The quality of being absorptive; absorptive power.
Absorptivity,Absorptiveness.
Absquatulate,To take one's self off; to decamp.
Abstained,of Abstain
Abstaining,of Abstain
Abstemious,Abstaining from wine.
Abstention,The act of abstaining; a holding aloof.
Abstentious,Characterized by abstinence; self-restraining.
Abstergent,Serving to cleanse  detergent.
Absterse,To absterge; to cleanse; to purge away.
Abstersion,Act of wiping clean; a cleansing; a purging.
Abstersive,Cleansing; purging.
Abstersiveness,The quality of being abstersive.
Abstinency,Abstinence.
Abstinently,With abstinence.
Abstorted,Wrested away.
Abstract,Withdraw; separate.
Abstracted,of Abstract
Abstracting,of Abstract
Abstractedly,In an abstracted manner; separately; with absence of mind.
Abstractedness,The state of being abstracted; abstract character.
Abstracter,One who abstracts  or makes an abstract.
Abstractional,Pertaining to abstraction.
Abstractionist,An idealist.
Abstractitious,Obtained from plants by distillation.
Abstractive,Having the power of abstracting; of an abstracting nature.
Abstractively,In a abstract manner; separately; in or by itself.
Abstractiveness,The quality of being abstractive; abstractive property.
Abstractness,The quality of being abstract.
Abstringe,To unbind.
Abstrude,To thrust away.
Abstruse,Concealed or hidden out of the way.
Abstrusely,In an abstruse manner.
Abstruseness,The quality of being abstruse; difficulty of apprehension.
Abstrusion,The act of thrusting away.
Abstrusity,Abstruseness; that which is abstruse.
Absume,To consume gradually; to waste away.
Absumption,Act of wasting away; a consuming; extinction.
Absurdities,of Absurdity
Absurdly,In an absurd manner.
Absurdness,Absurdity.
Abuna,The Patriarch  or head of the Abyssinian Church.
Aburst,In a bursting condition.
Abusable,That may be abused.
Abusage,Abuse.
Abused,of Abuse
Abusing,of Abuse
Abuseful,Full of abuse; abusive.
Abuser,One who abuses [in the various senses of the verb].
Abusion,Evil or corrupt usage; abuse; wrong; reproach; deception; cheat.
Abusive,Wrongly used; perverted; misapplied.
Abusively,In an abusive manner; rudely; with abusive language.
Abutted,of Abut
Abutting,of Abut
Abutment,State of abutting.
Abuzz,In a buzz; buzzing.
Aby,Alt. of Abye
Abysm,An abyss; a gulf.
Abysmally,To a fathomless depth; profoundly.
Abyssal,Belonging to  or resembling an abyss; unfathomable.
Abyssinian,Of or pertaining to Abyssinia.
Acacias,of Acacia
Acaciae,of Acacia
Acacin,Alt. of Acacine
Acacine,Gum arabic.
Academe,An academy.
Academial,Academic.
Academian,A member of an academy  university or college.
Academic,Alt. of Academical
Academically,In an academical manner.
Academicism,A tenet of the Academic philosophy.
Academism,The doctrines of the Academic philosophy.
Academist,An Academic philosopher.
Academies,of Academy
Acadian,Of or pertaining to Acadie  or Nova Scotia.
Acajou,The cashew tree; also  its fruit. See Cashew.
Acalephs,of Acalephan
Acalephans,of Acalephan
Acaleph,Alt. of Acalephan
Acalephan,One of the Acalephae.
Acalephoid,Belonging to or resembling the Acalephae or jellyfishes.
Acalycine,Alt. of Acalysinous
Acalysinous,Without a calyx  or outer floral envelope.
Acanth,Same as Acanthus.
Acantha,A prickle.
Acanthaceous,Armed with prickles  as a plant.
Acanthine,Of  pertaining to or resembling the plant acanthus.
Acanthocarpous,Having the fruit covered with spines.
Acanthocephalous,Having a spiny head  as one of the Acanthocephala.
Acanthophorous,Spine-bearing.
Acanthopodious,Having spinous petioles.
Acanthopterous,Spiny-winged.
Acanthuses,of Acanthus
Acanthi,of Acanthus
Acapsular,Having no capsule.
Acardiac,Without a heart; as  an acardiac fetus.
Acaridan,One of a group of arachnids  including the mites and ticks.
Acarine,Of or caused by acari or mites; as  acarine diseases.
Acaroid,Shaped like or resembling a mite.
Acarpellous,Having no carpels.
Acarpous,Not producing fruit; unfruitful.
Acari,of Acarus
Acarus,A genus including many species of small mites.
Acatalectic,Not defective; complete; as  an acatalectic verse.
Acataleptic,Incapable of being comprehended; incomprehensible.
Acater,See Caterer.
Acates,See Cates.
Acaudate,Tailless.
Acauline,Same as Acaulescent.
Acaulose,Alt. of Acaulous
Acaulous,Same as Acaulescent.
Acceded,of Accede
Acceding,of Accede
Accede,To approach; to come forward; -- opposed to recede.
Accedence,The act of acceding.
Acceder,One who accedes.
Accelerando,Gradually accelerating the movement.
Accelerated,of Accelerate
Accelerating,of Accelerate
Accelerative,Relating to acceleration; adding to velocity; quickening.
Acceleratory,Accelerative.
Accelerograph,An apparatus for studying the combustion of powder in guns  etc.
Accelerometer,An apparatus for measuring the velocity imparted by gunpowder.
Accend,To set on fire; to kindle.
Accendible,Capable of being inflamed or kindled; combustible; inflammable.
Accension,The act of kindling or the state of being kindled; ignition.
Accensor,One of the functionaries who light and trim the tapers.
Accented,of Accent
Accenting,of Accent
Accentless,Without accent.
Accentor,One who sings the leading part; the director or leader.
Accentuable,Capable of being accented.
Accentual,Of or pertaining to accent; characterized or formed by accent.
Accentuality,The quality of being accentual.
Accentually,In an accentual manner; in accordance with accent.
Accentuated,of Accentuate
Accentuating,of Accentuate
Accentuate,To pronounce with an accent or with accents.
Accentuation,Act of accentuating; applications of accent.
Accepted,of Accept
Accepting,of Accept
Acceptability,The quality of being acceptable; acceptableness.
Acceptancy,Acceptance.
Acceptant,Accepting; receiving.
Acceptedly,In a accepted manner; admittedly.
Accepter,A person who accepts; a taker.
Acception,Acceptation; the received meaning.
Acceptive,Fit for acceptance.
Acceptor,One who accepts
Accessarily,In the manner of an accessary.
Accessariness,The state of being accessary.
Accessaries,of Accessary
Accessibly,In an accessible manner.
Accessional,Pertaining to accession; additional.
Accessive,Additional.
Accessorily,In the manner of an accessory; auxiliary.
Accessoriness,The state of being accessory  or connected subordinately.
Accessories,of Accessory
Accidentalism,Accidental character or effect.
Accidentality,The quality of being accidental; accidentalness.
Accidentalness,The quality of being accidental; casualness.
Accidie,Sloth; torpor.
Accipenser,See Acipenser.
Accipient,A receiver.
Accipiters,of Accipiter
Accipitres,of Accipiter
Accipiter,A genus of rapacious birds; one of the Accipitres or Raptores.
Accipitral,Pertaining to  or of the nature of a falcon or hawk; hawklike.
Accipitrine,Like or belonging to the Accipitres; raptorial; hawklike.
Accismus,Affected refusal; coyness.
Accite,To cite; to summon.
Acclaim,To applaud.
Acclaimer,One who acclaims.
Acclamatory,Pertaining to  or expressing approval by acclamation.
Acclimatable,Capable of being acclimated.
Acclimatation,Acclimatization.
Acclimated,of Acclimate
Acclimating,of Acclimate
Acclimate,To habituate to a climate not native; to acclimatize.
Acclimatement,Acclimation.
Acclimatizable,Capable of being acclimatized.
Acclimatized,of Acclimatize
Acclimatizing,of Acclimatize
Acclimature,The act of acclimating  or the state of being acclimated.
Acclive,Acclivous.
Acclivitous,Acclivous.
Acclivities,of Acclivity
Acclivous,Sloping upward; rising as a hillside; -- opposed to declivous.
Accoast,To lie or sail along the coast or side of; to accost.
Accoil,To gather together; to collect.
Accombination,A combining together.
Accommodable,That may be accommodated  fitted or made to agree.
Accommodableness,The quality or condition of being accommodable.
Accommodated,of Accommodate
Accommodating,of Accommodate
Accommodately,Suitably; fitly.
Accommodateness,Fitness.
Accommodator,He who  or that which accommodates.
Accompanable,Sociable.
Accompanier,He who  or that which accompanies.
Accompanist,The performer in music who takes the accompanying part.
Accompanied,of Accompany
Accompanying,of Accompany
Accompletive,Tending to accomplish.
Accomplice,A cooperator.
Accompliceship,The state of being an accomplice.
Accomplicity,The act or state of being an accomplice.
Accomplished,of Accomplish
Accomplishing,of Accomplish
Accomplish,To complete  as time or distance.
Accomplishable,Capable of being accomplished; practicable.
Accomplisher,One who accomplishes.
Accompt,See Account.
Accomptable,See Accountable.
Accomptant,See Accountant.
Accorded,of Accord
According,of Accord
Accordable,Agreeing.
Accordance,Agreement; harmony; conformity.
Accordancy,Accordance.
Accorder,One who accords  assents or concedes.
Accordingly,Agreeably; correspondingly; suitably; in a manner conformable.
Accordionist,A player on the accordion.
Accordment,Agreement; reconcilement.
Accorporate,To unite; to attach; to incorporate.
Accosted,of Accost
Accosting,of Accost
Accostable,Approachable; affable.
Accouchement,Delivery in childbed
Accoucheuse,A midwife.
Accounted,of Account
Accounting,of Account
Accountable ness,The quality or state of being accountable; accountability.
Accountably,In an accountable manner.
Accountancy,The art or employment of an accountant.
Accountant,One who renders account; one accountable.
Accountantship,The office or employment of an accountant.
Account book,A book in which accounts are kept.
Accouple,To join; to couple.
Accouplement,The act of coupling  or the state of being coupled; union.
Accourage,To encourage.
Accourt,To treat courteously; to court.
Accoutered,of Accoutre
Accoutred,of Accoutre
Accoutering,of Accoutre
Accoutring,of Accoutre
Accouter,Alt. of Accoutre
Accouterments,Alt. of Accoutrements
Accoy,To render quiet; to soothe.
Accredited,of Accredit
Accrediting,of Accredit
Accreditation,The act of accrediting; as  letters of accreditation.
Accrementitial,Pertaining to accremention.
Accresce,To accrue.
Accrescence,Continuous growth; an accretion.
Accrescent,Growing; increasing.
Accrete,To grow together.
Accretive,Relating to accretion; increasing  or adding to by growth.
Accriminate,To accuse of a crime.
Accroach,To hook  or draw to one's self as with a hook.
Accroachment,An encroachment; usurpation.
Accrual,Accrument.
Accrued,of Accrue
Accruing,of Accrue
Accrue,To increase; to augment.
Accruer,The act of accruing; accretion; as  title by accruer.
Accrument,The process of accruing  or that which has accrued; increase.
Accumb,To recline  as at table.
Accumbency,The state of being accumbent or reclining.
Accumbent,Leaning or reclining  as the ancients did at their meals.
Accumber,To encumber.
Accumulated,of Accumulate
Accumulating,of Accumulate
Accumulator,One who  or that which accumulates collects or amasses.
Accursed,Alt. of Accurst
Accusal,Accusation.
Accusant,An accuser.
Accusatival,Pertaining to the accusative case.
Accusative,Producing accusations; accusatory.
Accusatively,In an accusative manner.
Accusatorial,Accusatory.
Accusatorially,By way accusation.
Accuse,Accusation.
Accused,of Accuse
Accusing,of Accuse
Accusement,Accusation.
Accuser,One who accuses; one who brings a charge of crime or fault.
Accusingly,In an accusing manner.
Accustomed,of Accustom
Accustoming,of Accustom
Accustomable,Habitual; customary; wonted.
Accustomably,According to custom; ordinarily; customarily.
Accustomance,Custom; habitual use.
Accustomarily,Customarily.
Accustomary,Usual; customary.
Accustomedness,Habituation.
Aces,of Ace
Acentric,Not centered; without a center.
Acephal,One of the Acephala.
Acephalan,Same as Acephal.
Acephali,A fabulous people reported by ancient writers to have heads.
Acephalist,One who acknowledges no head or superior.
Acephalocystic,Pertaining to  or resembling the acephalocysts.
Acephalous,Headless.
Acerate,A combination of aceric acid with a salifiable base.
Acerbate,To sour; to imbitter; to irritate.
Acerbic,Sour or severe.
Acerbitude,Sourness and harshness.
Aceric,Pertaining to  or obtained from the maple; as aceric acid.
Acerose,Having the nature of chaff; chaffy.
Acerous,Same as Acerose.
Acerval,Pertaining to a heap.
Acervate,To heap up.
Acervation,A heaping up; accumulation.
Acervative,Heaped up; tending to heap up.
Acervose,Full of heaps.
Acervuline,Resembling little heaps.
Acescence,Alt. of Acescency
Acescent,Turning sour; readily becoming tart or acid; slightly sour.
Acetable,An acetabulum; or about one eighth of a pint.
Acetabular,Cup-shaped; saucer-shaped; acetabuliform.
Acetaldehyde,Acetic aldehyde. See Aldehyde.
Acetarious,Used in salads; as  acetarious plants.
Acetary,An acid pulp in certain fruits  as the pear.
Acetated,Combined with acetic acid.
Acetifier,An apparatus for hastening acetification.
Acetified,of Acetify
Acetifying,of Acetify
Acetify,To convert into acid or vinegar.
Acetin,A combination of acetic acid with glycerin.
Acetize,To acetify.
Acetometer,Same as Acetimeter.
Acetonic,Of or pertaining to acetone; as  acetonic bodies.
Acetose,Sour like vinegar; acetous.
Acetosity,The quality of being acetous; sourness.
Acetous,Having a sour taste; sour; acid.
Ach,Alt. of Ache
Achaean,Alt. of Achaian
Achaian,Of or pertaining to Achaia in Greece; also  Grecian.
Acharnement,Savage fierceness; ferocity.
Achate,An agate.
Achatour,Purveyor; acater.
Ached,of Ache
Aching,of Ache
Achean,See Achaean  Achaian.
Achene,Alt. of Achenium
Achenial,Pertaining to an achene.
Achievable,Capable of being achieved.
Achievance,Achievement.
Achieved,of Achieve
Achieving,of Achieve
Achiever,One who achieves; a winner.
Achillean,Resembling Achilles  the hero of the Iliad; invincible.
Achilous,Without a lip.
Achiote,Seeds of the annotto tree; also  the coloring matter annotto.
Achlamydate,Not possessing a mantle; -- said of certain gastropods.
Achlamydeous,Naked; having no floral envelope  neither calyx nor corolla.
Acholia,Deficiency or want of bile.
Acholous,Lacking bile.
Achromatically,In an achromatic manner.
Achromaticity,Achromatism.
Achromatin,Tissue which is not stained by fluid dyes.
Achromatization,The act or process of achromatizing.
Achromatized,of Achromatize
Achromatizing,of Achromatize
Achromatize,To deprive of color; to make achromatic.
Achromatopsy,Color blindness; inability to distinguish colors; Daltonism.
Achronic,See Acronyc.
Achroodextrin,Dextrin not colorable by iodine. See Dextrin.
Achroous,Colorless; achromatic.
Achylous,Without chyle.
Achymous,Without chyme.
Aciculae,of Acicula
Aciculate,Alt. of Aciculated
Aciculated,Furnished with aciculae.
Aciculiform,Needle-shaped; acicular.
Aciculite,Needle ore.
Acidic,Containing a high percentage of silica; -- opposed to basic.
Acidiferous,Containing or yielding an acid.
Acidifiable,Capable of being acidified  or converted into an acid.
Acidific,Producing acidity; converting into an acid.
Acidification,The act or process of acidifying  or changing into an acid.
Acidified,of Acidify
Acidifying,of Acidify
Acidify,To make acid; to convert into an acid; as  to acidify sugar.
Acidimeter,An instrument for ascertaining the strength of acids.
Acidly,Sourly; tartly.
Acidness,Acidity; sourness.
Acidulated,of Acidulate
Acidulating,of Acidulate
Acidulate,To make sour or acid in a moderate degree; to sour somewhat.
Acidulent,Having an acid quality; sour; acidulous.
Acidulous,Slightly sour; sub-acid; sourish; as  an acidulous tincture.
Aciform,Shaped like a needle.
Acinaceous,Containing seeds or stones of grapes  or grains like them.
Acinaces,A short sword or saber.
Acinaciform,Scimeter-shaped; as  an acinaciform leaf.
Acinesia,Same as Akinesia.
Acinetiform,Resembling the Acinetae.
Aciniform,Having the form of a cluster of grapes; clustered like grapes.
Acinose,Alt. of Acinous
Acini,of Acinus
Aciurgy,Operative surgery.
Acknow,To recognize.
Acknowledged,of Acknowledge
Acknowledging,of Acknowledge
Acknowledgedly,Confessedly.
Acknowledger,One who acknowledges.
Acknowledgment,The act of acknowledging; admission; avowal; owning; confession.
Acme,The top or highest point; the culmination.
Acnodal,Pertaining to acnodes.
Acock,In a cocked or turned up fashion.
Acockbill,Hanging at the cathead  ready to let go as an anchor.
Acold,Cold.
Acologic,Pertaining to acology.
Acology,Materia medica; the science of remedies.
Acolothist,See Acolythist.
Acolyth,Same as Acolyte.
Acolythist,An acolyte.
Aconddylose,Alt. of Acondylous
Acondylous,Being without joints; jointless.
Aconital,Of the nature of aconite.
Aconitia,Same as Aconitine.
Aconitic,Of or pertaining to aconite.
Aconitine,An intensely poisonous alkaloid  extracted from aconite.
Aconitum,The poisonous herb aconite; also  an extract from it.
Acopic,Relieving weariness; restorative.
Acorn cup,The involucre or cup in which the acorn is fixed.
Acorned,Furnished or loaded with acorns.
Acosmism,A denial of the existence of the universe as distinct from God.
Acouchy,A small species of agouti (Dasyprocta acouchy).
Acoumetry,The measuring of the power or extent of hearing.
Acoustical,Of or pertaining to acoustics.
Acoustically,In relation to sound or to hearing.
Acoustician,One versed in acoustics.
Acoustics,The science of sounds  teaching their nature phenomena and laws.
Acquaint,Acquainted.
Acquainted,of Acquaint
Acquainting,of Acquaint
Acquaintable,Easy to be acquainted with; affable.
Acquaintanceship,A state of being acquainted; acquaintance.
Acquaintant,An acquaintance.
Acquaintedness,State of being acquainted; degree of acquaintance.
Acquest,Acquisition; the thing gained.
Acquiesced,of Acquiesce
Acquiescing,of Acquiesce
Acquiescency,The quality of being acquiescent; acquiescence.
Acquiescently,In an acquiescent manner.
Acquiet,To quiet.
Acquirability,The quality of being acquirable; attainableness.
Acquirable,Capable of being acquired.
Acquired,of Acquire
Acquiring,of Acquire
Acquirement,The act of acquiring  or that which is acquired; attainment.
Acquirer,A person who acquires.
Acquiry,Acquirement.
Acquisite,Acquired.
Acquisition,The act or process of acquiring.
Acquisitive,Acquired.
Acquisitively,In the way of acquisition.
Acquisitor,One who acquires.
Acquist,Acquisition; gain.
Acquit,Acquitted; set free; rid of.
Acquitted,of Acquit
Acquitting,of Acquit
Acquitment,Acquittal.
Acquitter,One who acquits or releases.
Acrania,Partial or total absence of the skull.
Acranial,Wanting a skull.
Acrase,Alt. of Acraze
Acraze,To craze.
Acrasia,Alt. of Acrasy
Acrasy,Excess; intemperance.
Acre,Any field of arable or pasture land.
Acreable,Of an acre; per acre; as  the acreable produce.
Acreage,Acres collectively; as  the acreage of a farm or a country.
Acridity,Alt. of Acridness
Acridly,In an acid manner.
Acrimonious,Acrid; corrosive; as  acrimonious gall.
Acrimoniously,In an acrimonious manner.
Acrimoniousness,The quality of being acrimonious; asperity; acrimony.
Acrimonies,of Acrimony
Acrisia,Alt. of Acrisy
Acrisy,Inability to judge.
Acritan,Of or pertaining to the Acrita.
Acrite,Acritan.
Acritochromacy,Color blindness; achromatopsy.
Acritude,Acridity; pungency joined with heat.
Acrity,Sharpness; keenness.
Acroamatic,Alt. of Acroamatical
Acroatic,Same as Acroamatic.
Acrobatic,Pertaining to an acrobat.
Acrobatism,Feats of the acrobat; daring gymnastic feats; high vaulting.
Acrocephalic,Characterized by a high skull.
Acrocephaly,Loftiness of skull.
Acrodactylum,The upper surface of the toes  individually.
Acrolithan,Alt. of Acrolithic
Acrolithic,Pertaining to  or like an acrolith.
Acromegaly,Chronic enlargement of the extremities and face.
Acromial,Of or pertaining to the acromion.
Acromion,The outer extremity of the shoulder blade.
Acronyc,Alt. of Acronychal
Acronyctous,Acronycal.
Acrook,Crookedly.
Acropodium,The entire upper surface of the foot.
Acropolitan,Pertaining to an acropolis.
Acrosporous,Having acrospores.
Acrostical,Pertaining to  or characterized by acrostics.
Acrostically,After the manner of an acrostic.
Acrotarsium,The instep or front of the tarsus.
Acroter,Same as Acroterium.
Acroterial,Pertaining to an acroterium; as  acroterial ornaments.
Acroteria,of Acroterium
Acrotic,Pertaining to or affecting the surface.
Acrotism,Lack or defect of pulsation.
Acrotomous,Having a cleavage parallel with the base.
Acted,of Act
Acting,of Act
Actable,Capable of being acted.
Actiniae,of Actinia
Actinias,of Actinia
Actinic,Of or pertaining to actinism; as  actinic rays.
Actiniform,Having a radiated form  like a sea anemone.
Actino-chemistry,Chemistry in its relations to actinism.
Actinoid,Having the form of rays; radiated  as an actinia.
Actinolitic,Of the nature of  or containing actinolite.
Actinometry,The measurement of the force of solar radiation.
Actinophorous,Having straight projecting spines.
Actinosome,The entire body of a coelenterate.
Actinost,One of the bones at the base of a paired fin of a fish.
Actinostome,The mouth or anterior opening of a coelenterate animal.
Actinozoal,Of or pertaining to the Actinozoa.
Actinozoon,One of the Actinozoa.
Actionably,In an actionable manner.
Actionary,Alt. of Actionist
Actionist,A shareholder in joint-stock company.
Actionless,Void of action.
Activate,To make active.
Activities,of Activity
Actless,Without action or spirit.
Actor,One who acts  or takes part in any affair; a doer.
Actress,A female actor or doer.
Actual,Involving or comprising action; active.
Actualities,of Actuality
Actualization,A making actual or really existent.
Actualize,To make actual; to realize in action.
Actually,Actively.
Actualness,Quality of being actual; actuality.
Actuaries,of Actuary
Actuated,of Actuate
Actuating,of Actuate
Actuation,A bringing into action; movement.
Actuator,One who actuates  or puts into action.
Actuose,Very active.
Actuosity,Abundant activity.
Acture,Action.
Acturience,Tendency or impulse to act.
Acuate,To sharpen; to make pungent; to quicken.
Acuation,Act of sharpening.
Acuition,The act of sharpening.
Acuity,Sharpness or acuteness  as of a needle wit etc.
Aculeate,Having a sting; covered with prickles; sharp like a prickle.
Aculeated,Having a sharp point; armed with prickles; prickly; aculeate.
Aculeiform,Like a prickle.
Aculeolate,Having small prickles or sharp points.
Aculeous,Aculeate.
Aculei,of Aculeus
Aculeus,A prickle growing on the bark  as in some brambles and roses.
Acuminate,Tapering to a point; pointed; as  acuminate leaves teeth etc.
Acumination,A sharpening; termination in a sharp point; a tapering point.
Acuminose,Terminating in a flat  narrow end.
Acuminous,Characterized by acumen; keen.
Acupuncturation,See Acupuncture.
Acupuncture,Pricking with a needle; a needle prick.
Acustumaunce,See Accustomance.
Acutangular,Acute-angled.
Acutely,In an acute manner; sharply; keenly; with nice discrimination.
Acutifoliate,Having sharp-pointed leaves.
Acutilobate,Having acute lobes  as some leaves.
Adact,To compel; to drive.
Adactyl,Alt. of Adactylous
Adactylous,Without fingers or without toes.
Adage,An old saying  which has obtained credit by long use; a proverb.
Adagial,Pertaining to an adage; proverbial.
Adamantean,Of adamant; hard as adamant.
Adamic,Alt. of Adamical
Adamical,Of or pertaining to Adam  or resembling him.
Adamite,A descendant of Adam; a human being.
Adam's apple,See under Adam.
Adance,Dancing.
Adangle,Dangling.
Adapt,Fitted; suited.
Adapted,of Adapt
Adapting,of Adapt
Adaptability,Alt. of Adaptableness
Adaptableness,The quality of being adaptable; suitableness.
Adaptable,Capable of being adapted.
Adaptative,Adaptive.
Adapter,One who adapts.
Adaption,Adaptation.
Adaptiveness,The quality of being adaptive; capacity to adapt.
Adaptly,In a suitable manner.
Adaptness,Adaptedness.
Adaptorial,Adaptive.
Adatis,A fine cotton cloth of India.
Adaunt,To daunt; to subdue; to mitigate.
Adaw,To subdue; to daunt.
Adays,By day  or every day; in the daytime.
Added,of Add
Adding,of Add
Addable,Addible.
Addeem,To award; to adjudge.
Addenda,of Addendum
Addendum,A thing to be added; an appendix or addition.
Adder,One who  or that which adds; esp. a machine for adding numbers.
Adder fly/,A dragon fly.
Adderwort,The common bistort or snakeweed (Polygonum bistorta).
Addibility,The quantity of being addible; capability of addition.
Addible,Capable of being added.
Addice,See Adze.
Addict,Addicted; devoted.
Addicted,of Addict
Addicting,of Addict
Addictedness,The quality or state of being addicted; attachment.
Addiction,The state of being addicted; devotion; inclination.
Additament,An addition  or a thing added.
Additional,Added; supplemental; in the way of an addition.
Additionally,By way of addition.
Additionary,Additional.
Addititious,Additive.
Additive,Proper to be added; positive; -- opposed to subtractive.
Additory,Tending to add; making some addition.
Addle,Liquid filth; mire.
Addled,of Addle
Addling,of Addle
Addle-brain,Alt. of Addle-pate
Addle-head,Alt. of Addle-pate
Addle-pate,A foolish or dull-witted fellow.
Addle-brained,Alt. of Addle-pated
Addle-headed,Alt. of Addle-pated
Addle-pated,Dull-witted; stupid.
Addle-patedness,Stupidity.
Addlings,Earnings.
Addoom,To adjudge.
Addorsed,Set or turned back to back.
Addressed,of Address
Addressing,of Address
Address,To aim; to direct.
Addressee,One to whom anything is addressed.
Addression,The act of addressing or directing one's course.
Adduced,of Adduce
Adducing,of Adduce
Adducer,One who adduces.
Adducible,Capable of being adduced.
Adduct,To draw towards a common center or a middle line.
Adduction,The act of adducing or bringing forward.
Adductive,Adducing  or bringing towards or to something.
Addulce,To sweeten; to soothe.
Adelantadillo,A Spanish red wine made of the first ripe grapes.
Adelantado,A governor of a province; a commander.
Adeling,Same as Atheling.
Adelopod,An animal having feet that are not apparent.
Adempt,Takes away.
Aden-,Alt. of Adeno-
Adenalgia,Alt. of Adenalgy
Adenalgy,Pain in a gland.
Adeniform,Shaped like a gland; adenoid.
Adenitis,Glandular inflammation.
Adenographic,Pertaining to adenography.
Adenography,That part of anatomy which describes the glands.
Adenoid,Alt. of Adenoidal
Adenoidal,Glandlike; glandular.
Adenological,Pertaining to adenology.
Adenology,The part of physiology that treats of the glands.
Adenophorous,Producing glands.
Adenophyllous,Having glands on the leaves.
Adenose,Like a gland; full of glands; glandulous; adenous.
Adenotomic,Pertaining to adenotomy.
Adenotomy,Dissection of  or incision into a gland or glands.
Adenous,Same as Adenose.
Adeps,Animal fat; lard.
Adeption,An obtaining; attainment.
Adeptist,A skilled alchemist.
Adeptness,The quality of being adept; skill.
Adequately,In an adequate manner.
Adfected,See Affected  5.
Adfiliated,See Affiliated.
Adfiliation,See Affiliation.
Adfluxion,See Affluxion.
Adhamant,Clinging  as by hooks.
Adhered,of Adhere
Adhering,of Adhere
Adherence,The quality or state of adhering.
Adherency,The state or quality of being adherent; adherence.
Adherent,Sticking; clinging; adhering.
Adherently,In an adherent manner.
Adherer,One who adheres; an adherent.
Adhesive,Sticky; tenacious  as glutinous substances.
Adhesively,In an adhesive manner.
Adhibit,To admit  as a person or thing; to take in.
Adhibition,The act of adhibiting; application; use.
Adhort,To exhort; to advise.
Adhortation,Advice; exhortation.
Adhortatory,Containing counsel or warning; hortatory; advisory.
Adiabatic,Not giving out or receiving heat.
Adiactinic,Not transmitting the actinic rays.
Adiaphorism,Religious indifference.
Adiaphoristic,Pertaining to matters indifferent in faith and practice.
Adiaphorite,Same as Adiaphorist.
Adiaphorous,Indifferent or neutral.
Adiaphory,Indifference.
Adiathermic,Not pervious to heat.
Adieu,Good-by; farewell; an expression of kind wishes at parting.
Adieus,of Adieu
Adight,of Adight
Ad infinitum,Without limit; endlessly.
Ad interim,Meanwhile; temporary.
Adipescent,Becoming fatty.
Adipocerate,To convert into adipocere.
Adipoceration,The act or process of changing into adipocere.
Adipocerous,Like adipocere.
Adipose,Of or pertaining to animal fat; fatty.
Adiposeness,Alt. of Adiposity
Adiposity,The state of being fat; fatness.
Adipous,Fatty; adipose.
Adipsous,Quenching thirst  as certain fruits.
Adipsy,Absence of thirst.
Adjacence,Alt. of Adjacency
Adjacently,So as to be adjacent.
Adject,To add or annex; to join.
Adjection,The act or mode of adding; also  the thing added.
Adjectional,Pertaining to adjection; that is  or may be annexed.
Adjectitious,Added; additional.
Adjectivally,As  or in the manner of an adjective; adjectively.
Adjectived,of Adjective
Adjectiving,of Adjective
Adjectively,In the manner of an adjective; as  a word used adjectively.
Adjoined,of Adjoin
Adjoining,of Adjoin
Adjoinant,Contiguous.
Adjoint,An adjunct; a helper.
Adjourned,of Adjourn
Adjourning,of Adjourn
Adjournal,Adjournment; postponement.
Adjudged,of Adjudge
Adjudging,of Adjudge
Adjudger,One who adjudges.
Adjudgment,The act of adjudging; judicial decision; adjudication.
Adjudicated,of Adjudicate
Adjudicating,of Adjudicate
Adjudicative,Adjudicating.
Adjudicator,One who adjudicates.
Adjudicature,Adjudication.
Adjugate,To yoke to.
Adjument,Help; support; also  a helper.
Adjunct,Conjoined; attending; consequent.
Adjunction,The act of joining; the thing joined or added.
Adjunctive,Joining; having the quality of joining; forming an adjunct.
Adjunctively,In an adjunctive manner.
Adjunctly,By way of addition or adjunct; in connection with.
Adjuratory,Containing an adjuration.
Adjured,of Adjure
Adjuring,of Adjure
Adjurer,One who adjures.
Adjusted,of Adjust
Adjusting,of Adjust
Adjustable,Capable of being adjusted.
Adjustage,Adjustment.
Adjuster,One who  or that which adjusts.
Adjustive,Tending to adjust.
Adjutage,Same as Ajutage.
Adjutancy,The office of an adjutant.
Adjutant,A helper; an assistant.
Adjutator,A corruption of Agitator.
Adjute,To add.
Adjutor,A helper or assistant.
Adjutory,Serving to help or assist; helping.
Adjutrix,A female helper or assistant.
Ad libitum,At one's pleasure; as one wishes.
Adlocution,See Allocution.
Admarginate,To write in the margin.
Admaxillary,Near to the maxilla or jawbone.
Admeasure,To measure.
Admeasurer,One who admeasures.
Admensuration,Same as Admeasurement.
Adminicle,Help or support; an auxiliary.
Adminiculary,Adminicular.
Administered,of Administer
Administering,of Administer
Administrable,Capable of being administered; as  an administrable law.
Administrant,Executive; acting; managing affairs.
Administrate,To administer.
Administratorship,The position or office of an administrator.
Admirability,Admirableness.
Admirable,Fitted to excite wonder; wonderful; marvelous.
Admirableness,The quality of being admirable; wonderful excellence.
Admirably,In an admirable manner.
Admiralties,of Admiralty
Admiralty,The office or jurisdiction of an admiral.
Admirance,Admiration.
Admiration,Wonder; astonishment.
Admirative,Relating to or expressing admiration or wonder.
Admired,of Admire
Admiring,of Admire
Admirer,One who admires; one who esteems or loves greatly.
Admission,The act or practice of admitting.
Admissive,Implying an admission; tending to admit.
Admissory,Pertaining to admission.
Admitted,of Admit
Admitting,of Admit
Admittable,Admissible.
Admittance,The act of admitting.
Admittatur,The certificate of admission given in some American colleges.
Admittedly,Confessedly.
Admitter,One who admits.
Admix,To mingle with something else; to mix.
Admixtion,A mingling of different things; admixture.
Admixture,The act of mixing; mixture.
Admonished,of Admonish
Admonishing,of Admonish
Admonisher,One who admonishes.
Admonishment,Admonition.
Admonitioner,Admonisher.
Admonitive,Admonitory.
Admonitor,Admonisher; monitor.
Admonitorial,Admonitory.
Admonitrix,A female admonitor.
Admortization,The reducing or lands or tenements to mortmain. See Mortmain.
Admove,To move or conduct to or toward.
Adnascent,Growing to or on something else.
Adnate,Grown to congenitally.
Adnominal,Pertaining to an adnoun; adjectival; attached to a noun.
Adnoun,An adjective  or attribute.
Adnubilated,Clouded; obscured.
Ado,To do; in doing; as  there is nothing ado.
Adolescency,The quality of being adolescent; youthfulness.
Adolescent,Growing; advancing from childhood to maturity.
Adonean,Pertaining to Adonis; Adonic.
Adonic,Relating to Adonis  famed for his beauty.
Adonize,To beautify; to dandify.
Adoor,Alt. of Adoors
Adoors,At the door; of the door; as  out adoors.
Adopted,of Adopt
Adopting,of Adopt
Adoptable,Capable of being adopted.
Adopter,One who adopts.
Adoptious,Adopted.
Adorability,Adorableness.
Adorable,Deserving to be adored; worthy of divine honors.
Adorableness,The quality of being adorable  or worthy of adoration.
Adorably,In an adorable manner.
Adoring,; p. pr. & vb. n.) of Adore
Adorement,The act of adoring; adoration.
Adoringly,With adoration.
Adorned,of Adorn
Adorning,of Adorn
Adornation,Adornment.
Adorner,He who  or that which adorns; a beautifier.
Adorningly,By adorning; decoratively.
Adornment,An adorning; an ornament; a decoration.
Adosculation,Impregnation by external contact  without intromission.
Adpress,See Appressed.
Adrad,Put in dread; afraid.
Adragant,Gum tragacanth.
Adread,To dread.
Adrenal,Suprarenal.
Adrian,Pertaining to the Adriatic Sea; as  Adrian billows.
Adrip,In a dripping state; as  leaves all adrip.
Adrogate,To adopt (a person who is his own master).
Adrogation,A kind of adoption in ancient Rome. See Arrogation.
Adroitly,In an adroit manner.
Adroitness,The quality of being adroit; skill and readiness; dexterity.
Adry,In a dry or thirsty condition.
Adscititious,Supplemental; additional; adventitious; ascititious.
Adsignification,Additional signification.
Adsignify,To denote additionally.
Adstrict,See Astrict  and Astriction.
Adstrictory,See Astrictory.
Adstringent,See Astringent.
Adulate,To flatter in a servile way.
Adulation,Servile flattery; praise in excess  or beyond what is merited.
Adulator,A servile or hypocritical flatterer.
Adulatress,A woman who flatters with servility.
Adulter,To commit adultery; to pollute.
Adulterant,That which is used to adulterate anything.
Adulterated,of Adulterate
Adulterating,of Adulterate
Adulterate,To defile by adultery.
Adulterator,One who adulterates or corrupts.
Adulteress,A woman who commits adultery.
Adulterize,To commit adultery.
Adulterously,In an adulterous manner.
Adulteries,of Adultery
Adultness,The state of being adult.
Adumbrant,Giving a faint shadow  or slight resemblance; shadowing forth.
Adumbration,The act of adumbrating  or shadowing forth.
Adumbrative,Faintly representing; typical.
Adunation,A uniting; union.
Adunc,Alt. of Adunque
Adunque,Hooked; as  a parrot has an adunc bill.
Aduncity,Curvature inwards; hookedness.
Aduncous,Curved inwards; hooked.
Adure,To burn up.
Adust,Inflamed or scorched; fiery.
Adusted,Burnt; adust.
Adustible,That may be burnt.
Advanced,of Advance
Advancing,of Advance
Advancer,One who advances; a promoter.
Advancive,Tending to advance.
Advantaged,of Advantage
Advantaging,of Advantage
Advantageable,Advantageous.
Advantageously,Profitably; with advantage.
Advantageousness,Profitableness.
Advenient,Coming from outward causes; superadded.
Advent,The period including the four Sundays before Christmas.
Adventive,Accidental.
Adventual,Relating to the season of advent.
Adventured,of Adventure
Adventuring,of Adventure
Adventureful,Given to adventure.
Adventuresome,Full of risk; adventurous; venturesome.
Adventurously,In an adventurous manner; venturesomely; boldly; daringly.
Adverbiality,The quality of being adverbial.
Adverbialize,To give the force or form of an adverb to.
Adverbially,In the manner of an adverb.
Adversarious,Hostile.
Adversaries,of Adversary
Adversely,In an adverse manner; inimically; unfortunately; contrariwise.
Adverseness,The quality or state of being adverse; opposition.
Adversifoliate,Alt. of Adversifolious
Adversion,A turning towards; attention.
Adversities,of Adversity
Adversity,Opposition; contrariety.
Adverted,of Advert
Adverting,of Advert
Advertence,Alt. of Advertency
Advertent,Attentive; heedful; regardful.
Advertised,of Advertise
Advertising,of Advertise
Advertisement,The act of informing or notifying; notification.
Advertiser,One who  or that which advertises.
Advisability,The quality of being advisable; advisableness.
Advisable,Proper to be advised or to be done; expedient; prudent.
Advisably,With advice; wisely.
Advised,of Advise
Advising,of Advise
Advisedly,Circumspectly; deliberately; leisurely.
Advisedness,Deliberate consideration; prudent procedure; caution.
Advisement,Counsel; advice; information.
Adviser,One who advises.
Advisership,The office of an adviser.
Adviso,Advice; counsel; suggestion; also  a dispatch or advice boat.
Advocated,of Advocate
Advocating,of Advocate
Advocateship,Office or duty of an advocate.
Advocation,The act of advocating or pleading; plea; advocacy.
Advocatory,Of or pertaining to an advocate.
Advoke,To summon; to call.
Advolution,A rolling toward something.
Advoutrer,An adulterer.
Advoutress,An adulteress.
Advoutry,Alt. of Advowtry
Advowtry,Adultery.
Advowee,One who has an advowson.
Advoyer,See Avoyer.
Adward,Award.
Adynamia,Considerable debility of the vital powers  as in typhoid fever.
Adynamy,Adynamia.
Adyta,of Adytum
Adz,Alt. of Adze
Ae,Alt. of Ae
Aecidia,of Aecidium
Aedileship,The office of an aedile.
Aegilops,An ulcer or fistula in the inner corner of the eye.
Aegophony,Same as Egophony.
Aegrotat,A medical certificate that a student is ill.
Aeneid,The great epic poem of Virgil  of which the hero is Aeneas.
Aeneous,Colored like bronze.
Aeolic,Aeolian  1; as the Aeolic dialect; the Aeolic mode.
Aeolipile,Alt. of Aeolipyle
Aeolotropy,Difference of quality or property in different directions.
Aeolus,The god of the winds.
Aeonian,Eternal; everlasting.
Aepyornis,A gigantic bird found fossil in Madagascar.
Aerated,of Aerate
Aerating,of Aerate
Aeriality,The state of being aerial; unsubstantiality.
Aerially,Like  or from the air; in an aerial manner.
Aerify,To infuse air into; to combine air with.
Aero-,The combining form of the Greek word meaning air.
Aerocyst,One of the air cells of algals.
Aerodynamic,Pertaining to the force of air in motion.
Aerographer,One versed in aeography: an aerologist.
Aerographic,Alt. of Aerographical
Aerographical,Pertaining to aerography; aerological.
Aerography,A description of the air or atmosphere; aerology.
Aerolith,Same as A/rolite.
Aerolithology,The science of aerolites.
Aerolitic,Of or pertaining to aerolites; meteoric; as  aerolitic iron.
Aerologic,Alt. of Aerological
Aerological,Of or pertaining to aerology.
Aerologist,One versed in aerology.
Aerology,That department of physics which treats of the atmosphere.
Aerometric,Of or pertaining to aerometry; as  aerometric investigations.
Aeronaut,An aerial navigator; a balloonist.
Aeronautic,Alt. of Aeronautical
Aeronautical,Pertaining to aeronautics  or aerial sailing.
Aerophobia,Alt. of Aerophoby
Aerophoby,Dread of a current of air.
Aeroscopy,The observation of the state and variations of the atmosphere.
Aerose,Of the nature of  or like copper; brassy.
Aerosiderite,A mass of meteoric iron.
Aerosphere,The atmosphere.
Aerostat,A balloon.
Aerostatic,Alt. of Aerostatical
Aerostatical,Of or pertaining to aerostatics; pneumatic.
Aeruginous,Of the nature or color of verdigris  or the rust of copper.
Aerugo,The rust of any metal  esp. of brass or copper; verdigris.
Aery,An aerie.
Aesculapius,The god of medicine. Hence  a physician.
Aesculin,Same as Esculin.
Esopian,Of or pertaining to Aesop  or in his manner.
Aesopic,Alt. of Esopic
Esopic,Same as Aesopian.
Aesthesiometer,Alt. of Esthesiometer
Aesthesis,Sensuous perception.
Aesthesodic,Conveying sensory or afferent impulses; -- said of nerves.
Aesthete,One who makes much or overmuch of aesthetics.
Aesthetic,Alt. of Aesthetical
Aesthetican,One versed in aesthetics.
Aesthetics,Alt. of Esthetics
Aestho-physiology,The science of sensation in relation to nervous action.
Aestival,Of or belonging to the summer; as  aestival diseases.
Aestivate,To spend the summer.
Aestuary,See Estuary.
Aestuous,Glowing; agitated  as with heat.
Aetheogamous,Propagated in an unusual way; cryptogamous.
Aether,See Ether.
Aethiops mineral,Same as Ethiops mineral.
Aetiological,Pertaining to aetiology; assigning a cause.
Aetites,See Eaglestone.
Afeard,Afraid.
Afer,The southwest wind.
Affableness,Affability.
Affably,In an affable manner; courteously.
Affabrous,Executed in a workmanlike manner; ingeniously made.
Affamish,To afflict with  or perish from hunger.
Affamishment,Starvation.
Affatuate,To infatuate.
Affear,To frighten.
Affected,of Affect
Affecting,of Affect
Affect,To act upon; to produce an effect or change upon.
Affectationist,One who exhibits affectation.
Affectedness,Affectation.
Affecter,One who affects  assumes pretends or strives after.
Affectibility,The quality or state of being affectible.
Affectible,That may be affected.
Affectingly,In an affecting manner; is a manner to excite emotions.
Affectionated,Disposed; inclined.
Affectionately,With affection; lovingly; fondly; tenderly; kindly.
Affectionateness,The quality of being affectionate; fondness; affection.
Affectioned,Disposed.
Affective,Tending to affect; affecting.
Affectively,In an affective manner; impressively; emotionally.
Affectuous,Full of passion or emotion; earnest.
Affeer,To confirm; to assure.
Affeerer,Alt. of Affeeror
Affeeror,One who affeers.
Affeerment,The act of affeering.
Affettuoso,With feeling.
Affiance,Plighted faith; marriage contract or promise.
Affianced,of Affiance
Affiancing,of Affiance
Affiancer,One who makes a contract of marriage between two persons.
Affiant,One who makes an affidavit.
Affile,To polish.
Affiliated,of Affiliate
Affiliating,of Affiliate
Affinal,Related by marriage; from the same source.
Affine,To refine.
Affined,Joined in affinity or by any tie.
Affinitative,Of the nature of affinity.
Affinitive,Closely connected  as by affinity.
Affinities,of Affinity
Affirmed,of Affirm
Affirming,of Affirm
Affirmance,Confirmation; ratification; confirmation of a voidable act.
Affirmant,One who affirms or asserts.
Affirmative,Confirmative; ratifying; as  an act affirmative of common law.
Affirmatory,Giving affirmation; assertive; affirmative.
Affirmer,One who affirms.
Affixed,of Affix
Affixing,of Affix
Affixes,of Affix
Affixion,Affixture.
Affixture,The act of affixing  or the state of being affixed; attachment.
Afflation,A blowing or breathing on; inspiration.
Afflatus,A breath or blast of wind.
Afflicted,of Afflict
Afflicting,of Afflict
Afflict,To strike or cast down; to overthrow.
Afflictedness,The state of being afflicted; affliction.
Afflicter,One who afflicts.
Afflictionless,Free from affliction.
Afflictively,In an afflictive manner.
Affluence,A flowing to or towards; a concourse; an influx.
Affluency,Affluence.
Affluent,Flowing to; flowing abundantly.
Affluently,Abundantly; copiously.
Affluentness,Great plenty.
Affluxion,The act of flowing towards; afflux.
Affodill,Asphodel.
Afforce,To reenforce; to strengthen.
Afforcement,A fortress; a fortification for defense.
Afforciament,See Afforcement.
Afforded,of Afford
Affording,of Afford
Affordable,That may be afforded.
Affordment,Anything given as a help; bestowal.
Afforest,To convert into a forest; as  to afforest a tract of country.
Afforestation,The act of converting into forest or woodland.
Afformative,An affix.
Affranchise,To make free; to enfranchise.
Affranchisement,The act of making free; enfranchisement.
Affrap,To strike  or strike down.
Affrayed,of Affray
Affray,To startle from quiet; to alarm.
Affrayer,One engaged in an affray.
Affrayment,Affray.
Affreight,To hire  as a ship for the transportation of goods or freight.
Affreighter,One who hires or charters a ship to convey goods.
Affret,A furious onset or attack.
Affriction,The act of rubbing against.
Affriended,Made friends; reconciled.
Affrighted,of Affright
Affrighting,of Affright
Affright,To impress with sudden fear; to frighten; to alarm.
Affrightedly,With fright.
Affrighten,To frighten.
Affrighter,One who frightens.
Affrightful,Terrifying; frightful.
Affrightment,Affright; the state of being frightened; sudden fear or alarm.
Affronted,of Affront
Affronting,of Affront
Affronte,Face to face  or front to front; facing.
Affrontedly,Shamelessly.
Affrontee,One who receives an affront.
Affronter,One who affronts  or insults to the face.
Affrontingly,In an affronting manner.
Affrontive,Tending to affront or offend; offensive; abusive.
Affrontiveness,The quality that gives an affront or offense.
Affused,of Affuse
Affusing,of Affuse
Affuse,To pour out or upon.
Affied,of Affy
Affying,of Affy
Affy,To confide (one's self to  or in); to trust.
Afghan,Of or pertaining to Afghanistan.
Afield,To  in or on the field.
Afire,On fire.
Aflame,Inflames; glowing with light or passion; ablaze.
Aflat,Level with the ground; flat.
Aflaunt,In a flaunting state or position.
Aflicker,In a flickering state.
Afloat,Borne on the water; floating; on board ship.
Aflow,Flowing.
Aflush,In a flushed or blushing state.
Aflutter,In a flutter; agitated.
Afoam,In a foaming state; as  the sea is all afoam.
Afoot,On foot.
Afore,Before.
Aforecited,Named or quoted before.
Aforegoing,Going before; foregoing.
Aforehand,Beforehand; in anticipation.
Aforementioned,Previously mentioned; before-mentioned.
Aforenamed,Named before.
Aforetime,In time past; formerly.
A fortiori,With stronger reason.
Afoul,In collision; entangled.
Afraid,Impressed with fear or apprehension; in fear; apprehensive.
Afreet,Same as Afrit.
Afresh,Anew; again; once more; newly.
Afric,African.
African,Of or pertaining to Africa.
Africanism,A word  phrase idiom or custom peculiar to Africa or Africans.
Africanize,To place under the domination of Africans or negroes.
Afrit,Alt. of Afreet
Afrite,Alt. of Afreet
Afront,In front; face to face.
Aft,Near or towards the stern of a vessel; astern; abaft.
Aftercrop,A second crop or harvest in the same year.
After-dinner,The time just after dinner.
After-eatage,Aftergrass.
Aftereye,To look after.
Aftergame,A second game; hence  a subsequent scheme or expedient.
After-glow,A glow of refulgence in the western sky after sunset.
Aftergrowth,A second growth or crop  or (metaphorically) development.
Afterings,The last milk drawn in milking; strokings.
Aftermost,Hindmost; -- opposed to foremost.
Aftershaft,The hypoptilum.
Aftertaste,A taste which remains in the mouth after eating or drinking.
Afterwards,Alt. of Afterward
Afterward,At a later or succeeding time.
Afterwise,Wise after the event; wise or knowing  when it is too late.
After-wit,Wisdom or perception that comes after it can be of use.
After-witted,Characterized by after-wit; slow-witted.
Aftmost,Nearest the stern.
Aftward,Toward the stern.
Aga,Alt. of Agha
Again,In return  back; as bring us word again.
Agains,Against; also  towards (in order to meet).
Againbuy,To redeem.
Againsay,To gainsay.
Againstand,To withstand.
Againward,Back again.
Agalactia,Alt. of Agalaxy
Agalaxy,Failure of the due secretion of milk after childbirth.
Agalactous,Lacking milk to suckle with.
Agal-agal,Same as Agar-agar.
Agalloch,Alt. of Agallochum
Agamis,of Agami
Agamic,Produced without sexual union; as  agamic or unfertilized eggs.
Agamically,In an agamic manner.
Agamist,An unmarried person; also  one opposed to marriage.
Agamogenetic,Reproducing or produced without sexual union.
Agamous,Having no visible sexual organs; asexual.
Aganglionic,Without ganglia.
Agape,Gaping  as with wonder expectation or eager attention.
Agapae,of Agape
Agasp,In a state of gasping.
Agast,Alt. of Aghast
Aghast,To affright; to terrify.
Agastric,Having to stomach  or distinct digestive canal as the tapeworm.
Agate,On the way; agoing; as  to be agate; to set the bells agate.
Agatiferous,Containing or producing agates.
Agatine,Pertaining to  or like agate.
Agatize,To convert into agate; to make resemble agate.
Agaty,Of the nature of agate  or containing agate.
Agazed,Gazing with astonishment; amazed.
Aged,of Age
Aging,of Age
Agedly,In the manner of an aged person.
Agedness,The quality of being aged; oldness.
Agen,See Again.
Agencies,of Agency
Agend,See Agendum.
Agenda,of Agendum
Agendum,Something to be done; in the pl.  a memorandum book.
Agenesic,Characterized by sterility; infecund.
Agennesis,Impotence; sterility.
Agent,Acting; -- opposed to patient  or sustaining action.
Agential,Of or pertaining to an agent or an agency.
Agentship,Agency.
Aggeneration,The act of producing in addition.
Agger,An earthwork; a mound; a raised work.
Aggerate,To heap up.
Aggeration,A heaping up; accumulation; as  aggerations of sand.
Aggerose,In heaps; full of heaps.
Aggest,To heap up.
Agglomerated,of Agglomerate
Agglomerating,of Agglomerate
Agglomeration,The act or process of collecting in a mass; a heaping together.
Agglomerative,Having a tendency to gather together  or to make collections.
Agglutinant,Uniting  as glue; causing or tending to cause adhesion.
Agglutinated,of Agglutinate
Agglutinating,of Agglutinate
Aggrace,To favor; to grace.
Aggrandizable,Capable of being aggrandized.
Aggrandization,Aggrandizement.
Aggrandized,of Aggrandize
Aggrandizing,of Aggrandize
Aggrandizer,One who aggrandizes  or makes great.
Aggrate,To please.
Aggravated,of Aggravate
Aggravating,of Aggravate
Aggravate,To make heavy or heavier; to add to; to increase.
Aggravatingly,In an aggravating manner.
Aggravative,Tending to aggravate.
Aggregated,of Aggregate
Aggregating,of Aggregate
Aggregately,Collectively; in mass.
Aggregative,Taken together; collective.
Aggregator,One who aggregates.
Aggrege,To make heavy; to aggravate.
Aggressed,of Aggress
Aggressing,of Aggress
Aggrievance,Oppression; hardship; injury; grievance.
Aggrieved,of Aggrieve
Aggrieving,of Aggrieve
Aggrouped,of Aggroup
Aggrouping,of Aggroup
Aggroup,To bring together in a group; to group.
Aggroupment,Arrangement in a group or in groups; grouping.
Aggry,Alt. of Aggri
Agible,Possible to be done; practicable.
Agilely,In an agile manner; nimbly.
Agileness,Agility; nimbleness.
Agios,of Agio
Agistator,See Agister.
Agister,Alt. of Agistor
Agitable,Capable of being agitated  or easily moved.
Agitated,of Agitate
Agitating,of Agitate
Agitatedly,In an agitated manner.
Agitative,Tending to agitate.
Agitato,Sung or played in a restless  hurried and spasmodic manner.
Agleam,Gleaming; as  faces agleam.
Aglet,Alt. of Aiglet
Agley,Aside; askew.
Aglimmer,In a glimmering state.
Aglitter,Glittering; in a glitter.
Aglossal,Without tongue; tongueless.
Aglow,In a glow; glowing; as  cheeks aglow; the landscape all aglow.
Aglutition,Inability to swallow.
Agminal,Pertaining to an army marching  or to a train.
Agminate,Alt. of Agminated
Agnail,A corn on the toe or foot.
Agnatic,Pertaining to descent by the male line of ancestors.
Agnition,Acknowledgment.
Agnize,To recognize; to acknowledge.
Agnominate,To name.
Agnomination,A surname.
Agnuses,of Agnus
Agni,of Agnus
Agnus,Agnus Dei.
Agnus castus,A species of Vitex (V. agnus castus); the chaste tree.
Agnus Dei,A figure of a lamb bearing a cross or flag.
Ago,Past; gone by; since; as  ten years ago; gone long ago.
Agog,In eager desire; eager; astir.
Agoing,In motion; in the act of going; as  to set a mill agoing.
Agones,of Agon
Agon,A contest for a prize at the public games.
Agone,Ago.
Agonic,Not forming an angle.
Agonism,Contention for a prize; a contest.
Agonist,One who contends for the prize in public games.
Agonistic,Alt. of Agonistical
Agonistically,In an agonistic manner.
Agonistics,The science of athletic combats  or contests in public games.
Agonized,of Agonize
Agonizing,of Agonize
Agonize,To writhe with agony; to suffer violent anguish.
Agonizingly,With extreme anguish or desperate struggles.
Agonothete,An officer who presided over the great public games in Greece.
Agonothetic,Pertaining to the office of an agonothete.
Agonies,of Agony
Agony,Violent contest or striving.
Agood,In earnest; heartily.
Agouti,Alt. of Agouty
Agrace,See Aggrace.
Agraffe,A hook or clasp.
Agrammatist,A illiterate person.
Agraphic,Characterized by agraphia.
Agrappes,Hooks and eyes for armor  etc.
Agre,Alt. of Agree
Agree,In good part; kindly.
Agreed,of Agree
Agreeing,of Agree
Agreeability,Easiness of disposition.
Agreeingly,In an agreeing manner (to); correspondingly; agreeably.
Agreer,One who agrees.
Agrestical,Agrestic.
Agricolation,Agriculture.
Agricolist,A cultivator of the soil; an agriculturist.
Agricultor,An agriculturist; a farmer.
Agriculturalist,An agriculturist (which is the preferred form.)
Agriculturism,Agriculture.
Agriculturist,One engaged or skilled in agriculture; a husbandman.
Agrief,In grief; amiss.
Agrimony,A genus of plants of the Rose family.
Agrin,In the act of grinning.
Agriologist,One versed or engaged in agriology.
Agrise,To shudder with terror; to tremble with fear.
Agronomic,Alt. of Agronomical
Agronomical,Pertaining to agronomy  of the management of farms.
Agronomics,The science of the distribution and management of land.
Agronomist,One versed in agronomy; a student of agronomy.
Agronomy,The management of land; rural economy; agriculture.
Agrope,In the act of groping.
Agrostographic,Alt. of Agrostographical
Agrostographical,Pertaining to agrostography.
Agrostography,A description of the grasses.
Agrostologic,Alt. of Agrostological
Agrostological,Pertaining to agrostology.
Agrostologist,One skilled in agrostology.
Agrostology,That part of botany which treats of the grasses.
Agroupment,See Aggroupment.
Aguardiente,A inferior brandy of Spain and Portugal.
Ague,An acute fever.
Agued,of Ague
Aguilt,To be guilty of; to offend; to sin against; to wrong.
Aguise,Dress.
Agush,In a gushing state.
Agynous,Without female organs; male.
Ahead,In or to the front; in advance; onward.
Aheap,In a heap; huddled together.
Aheight,Aloft; on high.
Ahem,An exclamation to call one's attention; hem.
Ahey,Hey; ho.
Ahigh,On high.
Ahold,Near the wind; as  to lay a ship ahold.
Ahorseback,On horseback.
Ahoy,A term used in hailing; as  Ship ahoy.
Ahu,The Asiatic gazelle.
Ahungered,Pinched with hunger; very hungry.
Ais,of Ai
Aiblins,Alt. of Ablins
Aich's metal,A kind of gun metal  containing copper zinc and iron but no tin.
Aided,of Aid
Aiding,of Aid
Aidance,Aid.
Aidant,Helping; helpful; supplying aid.
Aids-de-camp,of Aid-de-camp
Aider,One who  or that which aids.
Aidful,Helpful.
Aidless,Helpless; without aid.
Aid-major,The adjutant of a regiment.
Aiel,See Ayle.
Aigre,Sour.
Aigremore,Charcoal prepared for making powder.
Aigret,Alt. of Aigrette
Aigrette,The small white European heron. See Egret.
Aiguille,A needle-shaped peak.
Aiguillette,A point or tag at the end of a fringe or lace; an aglet.
Aigulet,See Aglet.
Ailed,of Ail
Ailing,of Ail
Ailanthus,Same as Ailantus.
Aimed,of Aim
Aiming,of Aim
Aimer,One who aims  directs or points.
Aimless,Without aim or purpose; as  an aimless life.
Aired,of Air
Airing,of Air
Air bed,A sack or matters inflated with air  and used as a bed.
Air brake,A railway brake operated by condensed air.
Air cell,A cavity in the cellular tissue of plants  containing air only.
Air chamber,A chamber or cavity filled with air  in an animal or plant.
Air cock,A faucet to allow escape of air.
Air-drawn,Drawn in air; imaginary.
Air engine,An engine driven by heated or by compressed air.
Airer,One who exposes to the air.
Air gas,See under Gas.
Airily,In an airy manner; lightly; gaily; jauntily; flippantly.
Air level,Spirit level. See Level.
Airlike,Resembling air.
Airling,A thoughtless  gay person.
Air pipe,A pipe for the passage of air; esp. a ventilating pipe.
Air poise,An instrument to measure the weight of air.
Air-tight,So tight as to be impermeable to air; as  an air-tight cylinder.
Airward,Alt. of Airwards
Airwards,Toward the air; upward.
Aisled,Furnished with an aisle or aisles.
Aisless,Without an aisle.
Ait,An islet  or little isle in a river or lake; an eyot.
Aitch,The letter h or H.
Aitiology,See Aetiology.
Ajar,Slightly turned or opened; as  the door was standing ajar.
Ajog,On the jog.
Ake,See Ache.
Akene,Same as Achene.
Aketon,See Acton.
Akinesia,Paralysis of the motor nerves; loss of movement.
Akinesic,Pertaining to akinesia.
Aknee,On the knee.
Aknow,Earlier form of Acknow.
Al,All.
Al-,All; wholly; completely; as  almighty almost.
Alae,of Ala
Ala,A winglike organ  or part.
Alabastrian,Alabastrine.
Alabastrine,Of  pertaining to or like alabaster; as alabastrine limbs.
Alabastra,of Alabastrum
Alabastrum,A flower bud.
Alack,An exclamation expressive of sorrow.
Alackaday,An exclamation expressing sorrow.
Alacrify,To rouse to action; to inspirit.
Alacrious,Brisk; joyously active; lively.
Alacriously,With alacrity; briskly.
Alacriousness,Alacrity.
Aladinist,One of a sect of freethinkers among the Mohammedans.
Alalonga,Alt. of Alilonghi
Alilonghi,The tunny. See Albicore.
Alamire,The lowest note but one in Guido Aretino's scale of music.
Alamode,According to the fashion or prevailing mode.
Alamort,To the death; mortally.
Alan,A wolfhound.
Aland,On land; to the land; ashore.
Alanine,A white crystalline base  C3H7NO2 derived from aldehyde ammonia.
Alantin,See Inulin.
Alar,Pertaining to  or having wings.
Alarm,A summons to arms  as on the approach of an enemy.
Alarmed,of Alarm
Alarming,of Alarm
Alarmable,Easily alarmed or disturbed.
Alarmedly,In an alarmed manner.
Alarmist,One prone to sound or excite alarms  especially needless alarms.
Alarum,See Alarm.
Alary,Of or pertaining to wings; also  wing-shaped.
Alate,Lately; of late.
Alated,Winged; having wings  or side appendages like wings.
Alatern,Alt. of Alaternus
Alation,The state of being winged.
Alaunt,See Alan.
Albacore,See Albicore.
Albanian,Of or pertaining to Albania  a province of Turkey.
Albe,Alt. of Albee
Albee,Although; albeit.
Albeit,Even though; although; notwithstanding.
Albescence,The act of becoming white; whitishness.
Albescent,Becoming white or whitish; moderately white.
Albicant,Growing or becoming white.
Albification,The act or process of making white.
Albigenses,Alt. of Albigeois
Albigensian,Of or pertaining to the Albigenses.
Albiness,A female albino.
Albinism,The state or condition of being an albino: abinoism; leucopathy.
Albinistic,Affected with albinism.
Albinos,of Albino
Albinoism,The state or condition of being an albino; albinism.
Albinotic,Affected with albinism.
Albion,An ancient name of England  still retained in poetry.
Albugines,of Albugo
Albugo,Same as Leucoma.
Albumen,The white of an egg.
Albumenized,of Albumenize
Albumenizing,of Albumenize
Albuminiferous,Supplying albumen.
Albuminiparous,Producing albumin.
Albuminoid,Resembling albumin.
Albuminoidal,Of the nature of an albuminoid.
Albuminous,Alt. of Albuminose
Albuminuria,A morbid condition in which albumin is present in the urine.
Albyn,Scotland; esp. the Highlands of Scotland.
Alcade,Same as Alcaid.
Alcahest,Same as Alkahest.
Alcaic,Pertaining to Alcaeus  a lyric poet of Mitylene about 6000 b. c.
Alcaid,Alt. of Alcayde
Alcalde,A magistrate or judge in Spain and in Spanish America  etc.
Alcalimeter,See Alkalimeter.
Alcarrazas,of Alcarraza
Alcazar,A fortress; also  a royal palace.
Alchemic,Alt. of Alchemical
Alchemical,Of or relating to alchemy.
Alchemically,In the manner of alchemy.
Alchemist,One who practices alchemy.
Alchemistic,Alt. of Alchemistical
Alchemistical,Relating to or practicing alchemy.
Alchemistry,Alchemy.
Alchemize,To change by alchemy; to transmute.
Alchymic,Alt. of Alchymy
Alchymist,Alt. of Alchymy
Alchymistic,Alt. of Alchymy
Alchymy,See Alchemic  Alchemist Alchemistic Alchemy.
Alco,A small South American dog  domesticated by the aborigines.
Alcoate,Alt. of Alcohate
Alcohate,Shortened forms of Alcoholate.
Alcohol,An impalpable powder.
Alcoholature,An alcoholic tincture prepared with fresh plants.
Alcoholization,The act of reducing a substance to a fine or impalpable powder.
Alcoholized,of Alcoholize
Alcoholizing,of Alcoholize
Alcoholize,To reduce to a fine powder.
Alcoholometer,Alt. of Alcoholmeter
Alcoholometric,Alt. of Alcoholmetrical
Alcoholometrical,Alt. of Alcoholmetrical
Alcoholmetrical,Relating to the alcoholometer or alcoholometry.
Alcohometer,Alt. of Alcohometric
Alcohometric,Same as Alcoholometer  Alcoholometric.
Alcoometry,See Alcoholometry.
Alcoran,The Mohammedan Scriptures; the Koran (now the usual form).
Alcoranic,Of or pertaining to the Koran.
Alcyon,See Halcyon.
Alcyones,The kingfishers.
Alcyonic,Of or pertaining to the Alcyonaria.
Alcyonoid,Like or pertaining to the Alcyonaria.
Alday,Continually.
Aldehydic,Of or pertaining to aldehyde; as  aldehydic acid.
Alder-liefest,Most beloved.
Aldermen,of Alderman
Alderman,A senior or superior; a person of rank or dignity.
Aldermancy,The office of an alderman.
Aldermanity,Aldermen collectively; the body of aldermen.
Aldermanlike,Like or suited to an alderman.
Aldermanly,Pertaining to  or like an alderman.
Aldermanry,The district or ward of an alderman.
Aldermanship,The condition  position or office of an alderman.
Aldern,Made of alder.
Aleak,In a leaking condition.
Alebench,A bench in or before an alehouse.
Alectorides,A group of birds including the common fowl and the pheasants.
Alectoromachy,Cockfighting.
Alectoromancy,See Alectryomancy.
Alectryom'achy,Cockfighting.
Alegar,Sour ale; vinegar made of ale.
Aleger,Gay; cheerful; sprightly.
Alegge,To allay or alleviate; to lighten.
Alehoof,Ground ivy (Nepeta Glechoma).
Alehouse,A house where ale is retailed; hence  a tippling house.
Ale-knight,A pot companion.
Alen/on lace,See under Lace.
Alength,At full length; lengthwise.
Alepidote,Not having scales.
Alepole,A pole set up as the sign of an alehouse.
Alert,Watchful; vigilant; active in vigilance.
Alertly,In an alert manner; nimbly.
Aletaster,See Aleconner.
Alethiology,The science which treats of the nature of truth and evidence.
Aleuromancy,Divination by means of flour.
Aleuronic,Having the nature of aleurone.
Aleutian,Alt. of Aleutic
Alevin,Young fish; fry.
Alew,Halloo.
Alewives,of Alewife
Alewife,A woman who keeps an alehouse.
Alexanders,Alt. of Alisanders
Alexandrine,Belonging to Alexandria; Alexandrian.
Alexipharmac,Alt. of Alexipharmacal
Alexipharmacal,Alexipharmic.
Alexipharmic,Alt. of Alexipharmical
Alexipharmical,Expelling or counteracting poison; antidotal.
Alexipyretic,Serving to drive off fever; antifebrile.
Alexiteric,Alt. of Alexiterical
Alexiterical,Resisting poison; obviating the effects of venom; alexipharmic.
Alfa,Alt. of Alfa grass
Alfenide,An alloy of nickel and silver electroplated with silver.
Alferes,An ensign; a standard bearer.
Alfilaria,The pin grass (Erodium cicutarium)  a weed in California.
Alfione,An edible marine fish of California (Rhacochilus toxotes).
Alfresco,In the open-air.
Algae,of Alga
Algal,Pertaining to  or like algae.
Algarot,Alt. of Algaroth
Algate,Alt. of Algates
Algates,Always; wholly; everywhere.
Algazel,The true gazelle.
Algebraic,Alt. of Algebraical
Algebraically,By algebraic process.
Algebraist,One versed in algebra.
Algebraize,To perform by algebra; to reduce to algebraic form.
Algerian,Of or pertaining to Algeria.
Algerine,Of or pertaining to Algiers or Algeria.
Algid,Cold; chilly.
Algidity,Chilliness; coldness
Algidness,Algidity.
Algific,Producing cold.
Algoid,Of the nature of  or resembling an alga.
Algological,Of or pertaining to algology; as  algological specimens.
Algologist,One learned about algae; a student of algology.
Algology,The study or science of algae or seaweeds.
Algonquin,Alt. of Algonkin
Algor,Cold; chilliness.
Algorism,Alt. of Algorithm
Algorithm,The art of calculating by nine figures and zero.
Algum,Same as Almug (and etymologically preferable).
Alhambra,The palace of the Moorish kings at Granada.
Alhambraic,Alt. of Alhambresque
Alhenna,See Henna.
Aliases,of Alias
Alibility,Quality of being alible.
Alible,Nutritive; nourishing.
Alienability,Capability of being alienated.
Alienage,The state or legal condition of being an alien.
Alienate,Estranged; withdrawn in affection; foreign; -- with from.
Alienated,of Alienate
Alienating,of Alienate
Alienation,The act of alienating  or the state of being alienated.
Alienator,One who alienates.
Alienism,The status or legal condition of an alien; alienage.
Alienist,One who treats diseases of the mind.
Alienor,One who alienates or transfers property to another.
Aliethmoid,Alt. of Aliethmoidal
Aliethmoidal,Pertaining to expansions of the ethmoid bone or cartilage.
Alife,On my life; dearly.
Aliferous,Having wings  winged; aligerous.
Aliform,Wing-shaped; winglike.
Aligerous,Having wings; winged.
Alighted,of Alight
Alit,of Alight
Alighting,of Alight
Alike,Having resemblance or similitude; similar; without difference.
Alike-minded,Like-minded.
Alimentally,So as to serve for nourishment or food; nourishing quality.
Alimentariness,The quality of being alimentary; nourishing quality.
Alimentiveness,The instinct or faculty of appetite for food.
Alimonious,Affording food; nourishing.
Alimony,Maintenance; means of living.
Alinasal,Pertaining to expansions of the nasal bone or cartilage.
Aline,To range or place in a line; to bring into line; to align.
Alineation,See Allineation.
Alinement,Same as Alignment.
Aliped,Wing-footed  as the bat.
Aliseptal,Relating to expansions of the nasal septum.
Alish,Like ale; as  an alish taste.
Alisphenoid,Alt. of Alisphenoidal
Aliturgical,Applied to those days when the holy sacrifice is not offered.
Alizari,The madder of the Levant.
Alkalescence,Alt. of Alkalescency
Alkalescent,Tending to the properties of an alkali; slightly alkaline.
Alkalis,of Alkali
Alkalies,of Alkali
Alkali,Soda ash; caustic soda  caustic potash etc.
Alkalifiable,Capable of being alkalified  or converted into an alkali.
Alkalified,of Alkalify
Alkalifying,of Alkalify
Alkalify,To convert into an alkali; to give alkaline properties to.
Alkalimetric,Alt. of Alkalimetrical
Alkalimetrical,Of or pertaining to alkalimetry.
Alkalinity,The quality which constitutes an alkali; alkaline property.
Alkalious,Alkaline.
Alkalizate,Alkaline.
Alkalized,of Alkalize
Alkalizing,of Alkalize
Alkaloid,Alt. of Alkaloidal
Alkaloidal,Pertaining to  resembling or containing alkali.
Alkargen,Same as Cacodylic acid.
Alkazar,See Alcazar.
Alkoran,The Mohammedan Scriptures. Same as Alcoran and Koran.
Alkoranic,Same as Alcoranic.
Alkoranist,Same as Alcoranist.
All-a-mort,See Alamort.
Allantoic,Pertaining to  or contained in the allantois.
Allantoid,Alt. of Allantoidal
Allantoidal,Of or pertaining to the allantois.
Allantois,Alt. of Allantoid
Allatrate,To bark as a dog.
Allayed,of Allay
Allaying,of Allay
Allayer,One who  or that which allays.
Allayment,An allaying; that which allays; mitigation.
Allect,To allure; to entice.
Allectation,Enticement; allurement.
Allective,Alluring.
Alledge,See Allege.
Allegation,The act of alleging or positively asserting.
Alleged,of Allege
Alleging,of Allege
Allegeable,Capable of being alleged or affirmed.
Allegeance,Allegation.
Allegement,Allegation.
Alleger,One who affirms or declares.
Allegge,See Alegge and Allay.
Allegiant,Loyal.
Allegoric,Alt. of Allegorical
Allegorist,One who allegorizes; a writer of allegory.
Allegorized,of Allegorize
Allegorizing,of Allegorize
Allegories,of Allegory
Allegresse,Joy; gladsomeness.
Allegretto,Quicker than andante  but not so quick as allegro.
Allegro,Brisk  lively.
Alleluia,Alt. of Alleluiah
Allemannic,See Alemannic.
Allenarly,Solely; only.
Allerion,Am eagle without beak or feet  with expanded wings.
Alleviated,of Alleviate
Alleviating,of Alleviate
Alleviate,To lighten or lessen the force or weight of.
Alleviative,Tending to alleviate.
Alleviator,One who  or that which alleviates.
Alleviatory,Alleviative.
Alleys,of Alley
Alleyed,Furnished with alleys; forming an alley.
Alleyway,An alley.
Allfours,A game at cards  called High Low Jack and the Game.
All hail,All health; -- a phrase of salutation or welcome.
All-hail,To salute; to greet.
Allhallond,Allhallows.
Allhallow,Alt. of Allhallows
Allhallows,All the saints (in heaven).
Allhallow eve,The evening before Allhallows. See Halloween.
Allhallowmas,The feast of All Saints.
Allhallowtide,The time at or near All Saints  or November 1st.
Alliable,Able to enter into alliance.
Alliant,An ally; a confederate.
Allice,Alt. of Allis
Allis,The European shad (Clupea vulgaris); allice shad. See Alose.
Alliciency,Attractive power; attractiveness.
Allicient,That attracts; attracting.
Allied,United; joined; leagued; akin; related. See Ally.
Alligate,To tie; to unite by some tie.
Allignment,See Alignment.
Allineate,To align.
Allineation,Alt. of Alineation
Allision,The act of dashing against  or striking upon.
Alliteral,Pertaining to  or characterized by alliteration.
Alliterate,To employ or place so as to make alliteration.
Alliterator,One who alliterates.
Allium,A genus of plants  including the onion garlic leek chive etc.
Allmouth,The angler.
Allness,Totality; completeness.
Allnight,Light  fuel or food for the whole night.
Allocate,To distribute or assign; to allot.
Allochroic,Changeable in color.
Allochroite,See Garnet.
Allochroous,Changing color.
Allocution,The act or manner of speaking to  or of addressing in words.
Allod,See Allodium.
Allodialism,The allodial system.
Allodialist,One who holds allodial land.
Allodially,By allodial tenure.
Allodiary,One who holds an allodium.
Allogamous,Characterized by allogamy.
Allogeneous,Different in nature or kind.
Allomerous,Characterized by allomerism.
Allomorphic,Of or pertaining to allomorphism.
Allonge,A thrust or pass; a lunge.
Allonym,The name of another person assumed by the author of a work.
Allonymous,Published under the name of some one other than the author.
Alloo,To incite dogs by a call; to halloo.
Allopath,An allopathist.
Allopathic,Of or pertaining to allopathy.
Allopathically,In a manner conformable to allopathy; by allopathic methods.
Allopathist,One who practices allopathy; one who professes allopathy.
Allophylic,Alt. of Allophylian
Allophylian,Pertaining to a race or a language neither Aryan nor Semitic.
Alloquy,A speaking to another; an address.
Allotted,of Allot
Allotting,of Allot
Allot,To distribute by lot.
Allotheism,The worship of strange gods.
Allotment,The act of allotting; assignment.
Allotriophagy,A depraved appetite; a desire for improper food.
Allotropic,Alt. of Allotropical
Allotropical,Of or pertaining to allotropism.
Allotropicity,Allotropic property or nature.
Allotropism,Alt. of Allotropy
Allotropize,To change in physical properties but not in substance.
Allottable,Capable of being allotted.
Allotter,One who allots.
Allottery,Allotment.
Allowed,of Allow
Allowing,of Allow
Allow,To praise; to approve of; hence  to sanction.
Allowable,Praiseworthy; laudable.
Allowably,In an allowable manner.
Allowance,Approval; approbation.
Allowancing,of Allowance
Allowedly,By allowance; admittedly.
Allower,An approver or abettor.
Alloyed,of Alloy
Alloying,of Alloy
All-possessed,Controlled by an evil spirit or by evil passions; wild.
All Saints,Alt. of All Saints'
Allthing,Altogether.
Alluded,of Allude
Alluding,of Allude
Allumette,A match for lighting candles  lamps etc.
Alluminor,An illuminator of manuscripts and books; a limner.
Allurance,Allurement.
Alluring,of Allure
Allurement,The act alluring; temptation; enticement.
Allurer,One who  or that which allures.
Allusion,A figurative or symbolical reference.
Allusive,Figurative; symbolical.
Allusiveness,The quality of being allusive.
Allusory,Allusive.
Alluvion,Wash or flow of water against the shore or bank.
Alluvious,Alluvial.
Alluviums,of Alluvium
Alluvia,of Alluvium
Allwhere,Everywhere.
Allying,of Ally
Allies,of Ally
Allylene,A gaseous hydrocarbon  C3H4 homologous with acetylene; propine.
Alma,Alt. of Almah
Almah,Same as Alme.
Almacantar,Same as Almucantar.
Almadia,Alt. of Almadie
Almadie,A bark canoe used by the Africans.
Almain,Alt. of Alman
Almayne,Alt. of Alman
Alman,A German.
Alma Mater,A college or seminary where one is educated.
Almandine,The common red variety of garnet.
Alme,Alt. of Almeh
Almeh,An Egyptian dancing girl; an Alma.
Almendron,The lofty Brazil-nut tree.
Almery,See Ambry.
Almesse,See Alms.
Almightful,Alt. of Almightiful
Almightiful,All-powerful; almighty.
Almightily,With almighty power.
Almightiness,Omnipotence; infinite or boundless power; unlimited might.
Almighty,Unlimited in might; omnipotent; all-powerful; irresistible.
Almner,An almoner.
Almond,The fruit of the almond tree.
Almondine,See Almandine
Almonership,The office of an almoner.
Almonries,of Almonry
Almose,Alms.
Almost,Nearly; well nigh; all but; for the greatest part.
Almry,See Almonry.
Almsdeed,An act of charity.
Almsfolk,Persons supported by alms; almsmen.
Almsgiver,A giver of alms.
Almsgiving,The giving of alms.
Almshouse,A house appropriated for the use of the poor; a poorhouse.
Almsman,A recipient of alms.
Almuce,Same as Amice  a hood or cape.
Almug,Alt. of Algum
Aloes,of Aloe
Aloe,The wood of the agalloch.
Aloes wood,See Agalloch.
Aloetic,Consisting chiefly of aloes; of the nature of aloes.
Aloft,On high; in the air; high above the ground.
Alogy,Unreasonableness; absurdity.
Aloin,A bitter purgative principle in aloes.
Alomancy,Divination by means of salt.
Alonely,Only; merely; singly.
Aloneness,A state of being alone  or without company; solitariness.
Along,By the length; in a line with the length; lengthwise.
Alongshore,Along the shore or coast.
Alongshoreman,See Longshoreman.
Alongst,Along.
Aloof,Same as Alewife.
Aloofness,State of being aloof.
Alopecia,Alt. of Alopecy
Alopecy,Loss of the hair; baldness.
Alopecist,A practitioner who tries to prevent or cure baldness.
Alose,To praise.
Aloud,With a loud voice  or great noise; loudly; audibly.
Alow,Below; in a lower part.
Alpen,Of or pertaining to the Alps.
Alpenstock,A long staff  pointed with iron used in climbing the Alps.
Alphabetarian,A learner of the alphabet; an abecedarian.
Alphabetic,Alt. of Alphabetical
Alphabetically,In an alphabetic manner; in the customary order of the letters.
Alphabetics,The science of representing spoken sounds by letters.
Alphabetism,The expression of spoken sounds by an alphabet.
Alphabetize,To arrange alphabetically; as  to alphabetize a list of words.
Al-phitomancy,Divination by means of barley meal.
Alpigene,Growing in Alpine regions.
Alpinist,A climber of the Alps.
Alpist,Alt. of Alpia
Als,Also.
Alsatian,Pertaining to Alsatia.
Also,In like manner; likewise.
Alt,The higher part of the scale. See Alto.
Altaian,Alt. of Altaic
Altaic,Of or pertaining to the Altai  a mountain chain in Central Asia.
Altarage,The offerings made upon the altar  or to a church.
Altarist,A chaplain.
Altazimuth,An instrument for taking azimuths and altitudes simultaneously.
Altered,of Alter
Altering,of Alter
Alterability,The quality of being alterable; alterableness.
Alterable,Capable of being altered.
Alterableness,The quality of being alterable; variableness; alterability.
Alterably,In an alterable manner.
Alterant,Altering; gradually changing.
Alteration,The act of altering or making different.
Alterative,Causing ateration.
Altercated,of Altercate
Altercating,of Altercate
Altercative,Characterized by wrangling; scolding.
Alterity,The state or quality of being other; a being otherwise.
Altern,Acting by turns; alternate.
Alternacy,Alternateness; alternation.
Alternant,Composed of alternate layers  as some rocks.
Alternated,of Alternate
Alternating,of Alternate
Alternateness,The quality of being alternate  or of following by turns.
Alternative,Offering a choice of two things.
Alternity,Succession by turns; alternation.
Althaea,Alt. of Althea
Altheine,Asparagine.
Altho,Although.
Altiloquence,Lofty speech; pompous language.
Altiloquent,High-sounding; pompous in speech.
Altimeter,An instrument for taking altitudes  as a quadrant sextant etc.
Altimetry,The art of measuring altitudes  or heights.
Altincar,See Tincal.
Altisonant,High-sounding; lofty or pompous.
Altisonous,Altisonant.
Altissimo,The part or notes situated above F in alt.
Altitudinal,Of or pertaining to height; as  altitudinal measurements.
Altitudinarian,Lofty in doctrine  aims etc.
Altivolant,Flying high.
Altos,of Alto
Altogether,All together; conjointly.
Altometer,A theodolite.
Alto-relievo,Alto-rilievo.
Alto-rilievos,of Alto-rilievo
Altrical,Like the articles.
Altruist,One imbued with altruism; -- opposed to egoist.
Alula,A false or bastard wing. See under Bastard.
Alular,Pertaining to the alula.
Alumen,Alum.
Aluminated,Combined with alumina.
Alumine,Alumina.
Aluminic,Of or containing aluminium; as  aluminic phosphate.
Aluminiferous,Containing alum.
Aluminiform,Having the form of alumina.
Aluminize,To treat or impregnate with alum; to alum.
Aluminum,See Aluminium.
Alumish,Somewhat like alum.
Alumnae,of Alumna
Alumna,A female pupil; especially  a graduate of a school or college.
Alumni,of Alumnus
Alum schist,Alt. of Alum shale
Alum stone,A subsulphate of alumina and potash; alunite.
Alunite,Alum stone.
Alure,A walk or passage; -- applied to passages of various kinds.
Alutaceous,Leathery.
Alutation,The tanning or dressing of leather.
Alvearies,of Alveary
Alveary,A beehive  or something resembling a beehive.
Alveated,Formed or vaulted like a beehive.
Alveolary,Alveolar.
Alveolate,Deeply pitted  like a honeycomb.
Alveole,Same as Alveolus.
Alveoliform,Having the form of alveoli  or little sockets cells or cavities.
Alveoli,of Alveolus
Alveolus,A cell in a honeycomb.
Alvei,of Alveus
Alveus,The channel of a river.
Alway,Always.
Amability,Lovableness.
Amacratic,Amasthenic.
Amain,With might; with full force; vigorously; violently; exceedingly.
Amalgama,Same as Amalgam.
Amalgamated,of Amalgamate
Amalgamating,of Amalgamate
Amalgamative,Characterized by amalgamation.
Amalgamize,To amalgamate.
Amandine,The vegetable casein of almonds.
Amanitine,The poisonous principle of some fungi.
Amanuenses,of Amanuensis
Amaracus,A fragrant flower.
Amarant,Amaranth  1.
Amaranth,An imaginary flower supposed never to fade.
Amaranthine,Of or pertaining to amaranth.
Amaranthus,Alt. of Amarantus
Amarantus,Same as Amaranth.
Amaritude,Bitterness.
Amaryllidaceous,Alt. of Amaryllideous
Amaryllis,A pastoral sweetheart.
Amassed,of Amass
Amassing,of Amass
Amassable,Capable of being amassed.
Amasser,One who amasses.
Amate,To dismay; to dishearten; to daunt.
Amateurism,The practice  habit or work of an amateur.
Amateurship,The quality or character of an amateur.
Amative,Full of love; amatory.
Amatorially,In an amatorial manner.
Amatorian,Amatory.
Amatorious,Amatory.
Amazed,of Amaze
Amazing,of Amaze
Amaze,To bewilder; to stupefy; to bring into a maze.
Amazedly,In amazement; with confusion or astonishment.
Amazeful,Full of amazement.
Amazonite,Alt. of Amazon stone
Amazon stone,A variety of feldspar  having a verdigris-green color.
Amb-,Alt. of Ambi-
Ambaginous,Ambagious.
Ambagious,Circumlocutory; circuitous.
Ambagitory,Ambagious.
Ambassade,Alt. of Embassade
Embassade,The mission of an ambassador.
Ambassador,Alt. of Embassador
Ambassadorial,Of or pertaining to an ambassador.
Ambassadorship,The state  office or functions of an ambassador.
Ambassadress,A female ambassador; also  the wife of an ambassador.
Ambassage,Same as Embassage.
Ambassy,See Embassy  the usual spelling.
Ambered,of Amber
Amber fish,A fish of the southern Atlantic coast (Seriola Carolinensis.)
Ambergrease,See Ambergris.
Ambes-as,Ambs-ace.
Ambidexter,Using both hands with equal ease.
Ambidextrous,Having the faculty of using both hands with equal ease.
Ambidextrously,In an ambidextrous manner; cunningly.
Ambidextrousness,The quality of being ambidextrous; ambidexterity.
Ambient,Encompassing on all sides; circumfused; investing.
Ambigenous,Of two kinds.
Ambiguities,of Ambiguity
Ambiguously,In an ambiguous manner; with doubtful meaning.
Ambiguousness,Ambiguity.
Ambilevous,Left-handed on both sides; clumsy; -- opposed to ambidexter.
Ambiloquy,Doubtful or ambiguous language.
Ambit,Circuit or compass.
Ambitionist,One excessively ambitious.
Ambitionless,Devoid of ambition.
Ambitiously,In an ambitious manner.
Ambitiousness,The quality of being ambitious; ambition; pretentiousness.
Ambled,of Amble
Ambling,of Amble
Ambler,A horse or a person that ambles.
Amblingly,With an ambling gait.
Amblotic,Tending to cause abortion.
Amblygon,An obtuse-angled figure  esp. and obtuse-angled triangle.
Amblygonal,Obtuse-angled.
Amblyopia,Alt. of Amblyopy
Amblyopic,Of or pertaining to amblyopy.
Ambos,of Ambo
Ambo,A large pulpit or reading desk  in the early Christian churches.
Ambon,Same as Ambo.
Ambrite,A fossil resin occurring in large masses in New Zealand.
Ambrose,A sweet-scented herb; ambrosia. See Ambrosia  3.
Ambrosiac,Having the qualities of ambrosia; delicious.
Ambrosially,After the manner of ambrosia; delightfully.
Ambrosian,Ambrosial.
Ambries,of Ambry
Ambulacriform,Having the form of ambulacra.
Ambulacra,of Ambulacrum
Ambulant,Walking; moving from place to place.
Ambulate,To walk; to move about.
Ambulation,The act of walking.
Ambulative,Walking.
Ambulator,One who walks about; a walker.
Ambulatorial,Ambulatory; fitted for walking.
Ambulatories,of Ambulatory
Amburry,Same as Anbury.
Ambuscaded,of Ambuscade
Ambuscading,of Ambuscade
Ambuscado,Ambuscade.
Ambuscadoed,Posted in ambush; ambuscaded.
Ambushed,of Ambush
Ambushing,of Ambush
Ambusher,One lying in ambush.
Ambushment,An ambush.
Ambustion,A burn or scald.
Amebean,See Am/bean.
Ameer,Alt. of Amir
Amir,Emir.
Amel,Enamel.
Ameliorable,Capable of being ameliorated.
Ameliorated,of Ameliorate
Ameliorating,of Ameliorate
Ameliorate,To make better; to improve; to meliorate.
Ameliorator,One who ameliorates.
Amenability,The quality of being amenable; amenableness.
Amenable,Easy to be led; governable  as a woman by her husband.
Amenably,In an amenable manner.
Amenage,To manage.
Amenance,Behavior; bearing.
Amended,of Amend
Amending,of Amend
Amend,To change or modify in any way for the better
Amendable,Capable of being amended; as  an amendable writ or error.
Amendatory,Supplying amendment; corrective; emendatory.
Amende,A pecuniary punishment or fine; a reparation or recantation.
Amender,One who amends.
Amendful,Much improving.
Amends,Compensation for a loss or injury; recompense; reparation.
Amenities,of Amenity
Amenorrhoea,Retention or suppression of the menstrual discharge.
Amenorrhoeal,Pertaining to amenorrhoea.
Ament,A species of inflorescence; a catkin.
Amentia,Imbecility; total want of understanding.
Amentiferous,Bearing catkins.
Amentiform,Shaped like a catkin.
Amenta,of Amentum
Amentum,Same as Ament.
Amenuse,To lessen.
Amerced,of Amerce
Amercing,of Amerce
Amerceable,Liable to be amerced.
Amercer,One who amerces.
Amerciament,Same as Amercement.
Americanism,Attachment to the United States.
Americanization,The process of Americanizing.
Americanizer,of Americanize
Americanizing,of Americanize
Ames-ace,Same as Ambs-ace.
Amess,Amice  a hood or cape. See 2d Amice.
Ametabola,A group of insects which do not undergo any metamorphosis.
Ametabolian,Of or pertaining to insects that do undergo any metamorphosis.
Ametabolic,Alt. of Ametabolous
Ametabolous,Not undergoing any metamorphosis; as  ametabolic insects.
Amethodist,One without method; a quack.
Amethystine,Resembling amethyst  especially in color; bluish violet.
Ametropia,Any abnormal condition of the refracting powers of the eye.
Amiable,Lovable; lovely; pleasing.
Amiableness,The quality of being amiable; amiability.
Amiably,In an amiable manner.
Amianth,See Amianthus.
Amianthiform,Resembling amianthus in form.
Amianthoid,Resembling amianthus.
Amianthus,Earth flax  or mountain flax; a soft silky variety of asbestus.
Amicability,The quality of being amicable; friendliness; amicableness.
Amicableness,The quality of being amicable; amicability.
Amicably,In an amicable manner.
Amid,See Amidst.
Amido,Containing  or derived from amidogen.
Amidst,Alt. of Amid
Amioid,Like or pertaining to the Amioidei.
Amiss,Astray; faultily; improperly; wrongly; ill.
Amissibility,The quality of being amissible; possibility of being lost.
Amissible,Liable to be lost.
Amission,Deprivation; loss.
Amit,To lose.
Amities,of Amity
Amma,An abbes or spiritual mother.
Ammeter,A contraction of amperometer or amperemeter.
Ammiral,An obsolete form of admiral.
Ammite,Oolite or roestone; -- written also hammite.
Ammodyte,One of a genus of fishes; the sand eel.
Ammoniac,Alt. of Ammoniacal
Ammoniated,Combined or impregnated with ammonia.
Ammonic,Of or pertaining to ammonia.
Ammonitiferous,Containing fossil ammonites.
Ammunitioned,of Ammunition
Ammunitioning,of Ammunition
Amnesic,Of or pertaining to amnesia.
Amnestic,Causing loss of memory.
Amnesty,Forgetfulness; cessation of remembrance of wrong; oblivion.
Amnestied,of Amnesty
Amnestying,of Amnesty
Amnicolist,One who lives near a river.
Amnigenous,Born or bred in  of or near a river.
Amnios,Same as Amnion.
Amoebae,of Amoeba
Amoebas,of Amoeba
Amoebean,Alternately answering.
Amoebian,One of the Amoebea.
Amoebiform,Alt. of Amoeboid
Amoebous,Like an amoeba in structure.
Amolition,Removal; a putting away.
Amoneste,To admonish.
Among,Alt. of Amongst
Amongst,Mixed or mingled; surrounded by.
Amontillado,A dry kind of cherry  of a light color.
Amoret,An amorous girl or woman; a wanton.
Amorette,An amoret.
Amorist,A lover; a gallant.
A-mornings,In the morning; every morning.
Amorosa,A wanton woman; a courtesan.
Amorosity,The quality of being amorous; lovingness.
Amoroso,A lover; a man enamored.
Amorously,In an amorous manner; fondly.
Amorphas,of Amorpha
Amorphous,Having no determinate form; of irregular; shapeless.
Amorphozoic,Of or pertaining to the Amorphozoa.
Amorphy,Shapelessness.
Amort,As if dead; lifeless; spiritless; dejected; depressed.
Amortise,Alt. of Amortisement
Amortisation,Alt. of Amortisement
Amortisable,Alt. of Amortisement
Amortisement,Same as Amortize  Amortization etc.
Amortizable,Capable of being cleared off  as a debt.
Amortize,To make as if dead; to destroy.
Amortizement,Same as Amortization.
Amorwe,In the morning.
Amounted,of Amount
Amounting,of Amount
Amount,To go up; to ascend.
Amour,Love; affection.
Amour propre,Self-love; self-esteem.
Amovability,Liability to be removed or dismissed from office.
Amovable,Removable.
Amove,To remove  as a person or thing from a position.
Ampere,Alt. of Ampere
Amperemeter,Alt. of Amperometer
Ampersand,A word used to describe the character /  / or &.
Amphiarthrodial,Characterized by amphiarthrosis.
Amphibia,One of the classes of vertebrates.
Amphibial,Amphibian.
Amphibian,Of or pertaining to the Amphibia; as  amphibian reptiles.
Amphibiological,Pertaining to amphibiology.
Amphibiotica,A division of insects having aquatic larvae.
Amphibiously,Like an amphibious being.
Amphibiums,of Amphibium
Amphibium,An amphibian.
Amphibolic,Of or pertaining to amphiboly; ambiguous; equivocal.
Amphibological,Of doubtful meaning; ambiguous.
Amphibologies,of Amphibology
Amphibolous,Ambiguous; doubtful.
Amphibolies,of Amphiboly
Amphiboly,Ambiguous discourse; amphibology.
Amphicarpic,Alt. of Amphicarpous
Amphicoelian,Alt. of Amphicoelous
Amphicoelous,Having both ends concave; biconcave; -- said of vertebrae.
Amphictyonies,of Amphictyony
Amphigene,Leucite.
Amphigenesis,Sexual generation; amphigony.
Amphigenous,Increasing in size by growth on all sides  as the lichens.
Amphigonic,Pertaining to amphigony; sexual; as  amphigonic propagation.
Amphigonous,Relating to both parents.
Amphigony,Sexual propagation.
Amphigoric,Nonsensical; absurd; pertaining to an amphigory.
Amphilogism,Alt. of Amphilogy
Amphilogy,Ambiguity of speech; equivocation.
Amphipod,One of the Amphipoda.
Amphipodan,Of or pertaining to the Amphipoda.
Amphipodous,Of or pertaining to the Amphipoda.
Amphisbaena,A fabled serpent with a head at each end  moving either way.
Amphisbaenoid,Like or pertaining to the lizards of the genus Amphisbaena.
Amphiscii,Alt. of Amphiscians
Amphitheater,Alt. of Amphitheatre
Amphitheatral,Amphitheatrical; resembling an amphitheater.
Amphitheatric,Alt. of Amphitheatrical
Amphitheatrical,Of  pertaining to exhibited in or resembling an amphitheater.
Amphitheatrically,In the form or manner of an amphitheater.
Amphitropal,Alt. of Amphitropous
Amophorae,of Amphora
Amphoral,Pertaining to  or resembling an amphora.
Amplectant,Clasping a support; as  amplectant tendrils.
Amplexation,An embrace.
Amplexicaul,Clasping or embracing a stem  as the base of some leaves.
Ampliate,To enlarge.
Ampliation,Enlargement; amplification.
Amplificate,To amplify.
Amplificative,Amplificatory.
Amplificatory,Serving to amplify or enlarge; amplificative.
Amplifier,One who or that which amplifies.
Amplified,of Amplify
Amplifying,of Amplify
Amply,In an ample manner.
Ampul,Same as Ampulla  2.
Ampullae,of Ampulla
Ampullaceous,Like a bottle or inflated bladder; bottle-shaped; swelling.
Ampullar,Alt. of Ampullary
Ampullary,Resembling an ampulla.
Ampullate,Alt. of Ampullated
Ampullated,Having an ampulla; flask-shaped; bellied.
Ampulliform,Flask-shaped; dilated.
Amputated,of Amputate
Amputating,of Amputate
Amputate,To prune or lop off  as branches or tendrils.
Amputator,One who amputates.
Amrita,Immortality; also  the nectar conferring immortality.
Amsel,Alt. of Amzel
Amzel,The European ring ousel (Turdus torquatus).
Amuck,In a frenzied and reckless manner.
Amuletic,Of or pertaining to an amulet; operating as a charm.
Amurcous,Full off dregs; foul.
Amusable,Capable of being amused.
Amused,of Amuse
Amusing,of Amuse
Amusement,Deep thought; muse.
Amuser,One who amuses.
Amusette,A light field cannon  or stocked gun mounted on a swivel.
Amy,A friend.
Amyelous,Wanting the spinal cord.
Amygdalaceous,Akin to  or derived from the almond.
Amygdalate,Pertaining to  resembling or made of almonds.
Amygdaliferous,Almond-bearing.
Amygdaline,Of  pertaining to or resembling almonds.
Amygdaloidal,Almond-shaped.
Amylaceous,Pertaining to starch; of the nature of starch; starchy.
Amylic,Pertaining to  or derived from amyl; as amylic ether.
Amyloid,Alt. of Amyloidal
Amyloidal,Resembling or containing amyl; starchlike.
Amyous,Wanting in muscle; without flesh.
Amyss,Same as Amice  a hood or cape.
Anabaptism,The doctrine of the Anabaptists.
Anabaptistic,Alt. of Anabaptistical
Anabaptistical,Relating or attributed to the Anabaptists  or their doctrines.
Anabaptistry,The doctrine  system or practice of Anabaptists.
Anabaptize,To rebaptize; to rechristen; also  to rename.
Anabatic,Pertaining to anabasis; as  an anabatic fever.
Anacamptic,Reflecting of reflected; as  an anacamptic sound (and echo).
Anacamptically,By reflection; as  echoes are sound produced anacamptically.
Anacamptics,The science of reflected light  now called catoptrics.
Anacanthini,Alt. of Anacanths
Anacanthous,Spineless  as certain fishes.
Anacardium,A genus of plants including the cashew tree. See Cashew.
Anacathartic,Producing vomiting or expectoration.
Anachoret,Alt. of Anachoretical
Anachoretical,See Anchoret  Anchoretic.
Anachronic,Alt. of Anachronical
Anachronical,Characterized by  or involving anachronism; anachronistic.
Anachronistic,Erroneous in date; containing an anachronism.
Anachronize,To refer to  or put into a wrong time.
Anachronous,Containing an anachronism; anachronistic.
Anacoluthic,Lacking grammatical sequence.
Anacrotic,Pertaining to anachronism.
Anadem,A garland or fillet; a chaplet or wreath.
Anadrom,A fish that leaves the sea and ascends rivers.
Anaemic,Of or pertaining to anaemia.
Anaerobic,Relating to  or like anaerobies; anaerobiotic.
Anaerobiotic,Related to  or of the nature of anaerobies.
Anaesthesis,See Anaesthesia.
Anaesthetic,Capable of rendering insensible; as  anaesthetic agents.
Anaesthetize,To render insensible by an anaesthetic.
Anaglyphic,Alt. of Anaglyphical
Anaglyptics,The art of carving in low relief  embossing etc.
Anagnorisis,The unfolding or denouement.
Anagoge,An elevation of mind to things celestial.
Anagogic,Alt. of Anagogical
Anagogics,Mystical interpretations or studies  esp. of the Scriptures.
Anagogy,Same as Anagoge.
Anagrammatic,Alt. of Anagrammatical
Anagrammatical,Pertaining to  containing or making an anagram.
Anagrammatism,The act or practice of making anagrams.
Anagrammatist,A maker anagrams.
Anagrammatize,To transpose  as the letters of a word so as to form an anagram.
Anagraph,An inventory; a record.
Anakim,Alt. of Anaks
Anaks,A race of giants living in Palestine.
Analcite,Analcime.
Analects,Alt. of Analecta
Analecta,A collection of literary fragments.
Analepsis,Alt. of Analepsy
Analepsy,Recovery of strength after sickness.
Analeptic,Restorative; giving strength after disease.
Analgesia,Absence of sensibility to pain.
Anallagmatic,Not changed in form by inversion.
Anallantoic,Without  or not developing an allantois.
Analogal,Analogous.
Analogic,Of or belonging to analogy.
Analogicalness,Quality of being analogical.
Analogism,an argument from the cause to the effect; an a priori argument.
Analogist,One who reasons from analogy  or represent by analogy.
Analogize,To employ  or reason by analogy.
Analogon,Analogue.
Analogies,of Analogy
Analyse,Alt. of Analyser
Analyser,Same as Analyze  Analyzer etc.
Analyses,of Analysis
Analytic,Alt. of Analytical
Analytically,In an analytical manner.
Analytics,The science of analysis.
Analyzable,That may be analyzed.
Analyzed,of Analyze
Analyzing,of Analyze
Analyzer,One who  or that which analyzes.
Anamese,Of or pertaining to Anam  to southeastern Asia.
Anamnesis,A recalling to mind; recollection.
Anamnestic,Aiding the memory; as  anamnestic remedies.
Anamniotic,Without  or not developing an amnion.
Anamorphism,A distorted image.
Anamorphosy,Same as Anamorphosis.
Anan,An expression equivalent to What did you say? Sir? Eh?
Ananas,The pineapple (Ananassa sativa).
Anandrous,Destitute of stamens  as certain female flowers.
Anangular,Containing no angle.
Anantherous,Destitute of anthers.
Ananthous,Destitute of flowers; flowerless.
Anapaest,Alt. of Anapaestic
Anapaestic,Same as Anapest  Anapestic.
Anapestical,Anapestic.
Anaphrodisia,Absence of sexual appetite.
Anaphrodisiac,Same as Antaphrodisiac.
Anaphroditic,Produced without concourse of sexes.
Anaplastic,Of or pertaining to anaplasty.
Anaplerotic,Filling up; promoting granulation of wounds or ulcers.
Anapnograph,A form of spirometer.
Anapnoic,Relating to respiration.
Anapodeictic,Not apodeictic; undemonstrable.
Anapophysis,An accessory process in many lumbar vertebrae.
Anaptichi,of Anaptychus
Anarch,The author of anarchy; one who excites revolt.
Anarchal,Lawless; anarchical.
Anarchic,Alt. of Anarchical
Anarchism,The doctrine or practice of anarchists.
Anarchize,To reduce to anarchy.
Anarthropodous,Having no jointed legs; pertaining to Anarthropoda.
Anarthrous,Used without the article; as  an anarthrous substantive.
Anasarcous,Belonging  or affected by anasarca or dropsy; dropsical.
Anastaltic,Styptic.
Anastomozed,of Anastomose
Anastomosing,of Anastomose
Anastomoses,of Anastomosis
Anastomotic,Of or pertaining to anastomosis.
Anathemas,of Anathema
Anathematic,Alt. of Anathematical
Anathematical,Pertaining to  or having the nature of an anathema.
Anathematism,Anathematization.
Anathematized,of Anathematize
Anathematizing,of Anathematize
Anathematizer,One who pronounces an anathema.
Anatifae,of Anatifa
Anatifer,Same as Anatifa.
Anatine,Of or pertaining to the ducks; ducklike.
Anatocism,Compound interest.
Anatomic,Alt. of Anatomical
Anatomically,In an anatomical manner; by means of dissection.
Anatomism,The application of the principles of anatomy  as in art.
Anatomist,One who is skilled in the art of anatomy  or dissection.
Anatomization,The act of anatomizing.
Anatomized,of Anatomize
Anatomizing,of Anatomize
Anatomizer,A dissector.
Anatomies,of Anatomy
Anatron,Native carbonate of soda; natron.
Anatropal,Alt. of Anatropous
Anatto,Same as Annotto.
Anbury,Alt. of Ambury
Ambury,A soft tumor or bloody wart on horses or oxen.
Ancestorial,Ancestral.
Ancestorially,With regard to ancestors.
Ancestress,A female ancestor.
Anchored,of Anchor
Anchoring,of Anchor
Anchorable,Fit for anchorage.
Anchorage,The act of anchoring  or the condition of lying at anchor.
Anchorate,Anchor-shaped.
Anchoress,A female anchoret.
Anchoret,Alt. of Anchorite
Anchoretic,Alt. of Anchoretical
Anchoretish,Hermitlike.
Anchoretism,The practice or mode of life of an anchoret.
Anchor-hold,The hold or grip of an anchor  or that to which it holds.
Anchoritess,An anchoress.
Anchorless,Without an anchor or stay. Hence: Drifting; unsettled.
Anchusin,A resinoid coloring matter obtained from alkanet root.
Anchylosed,of Anchylose
Anchylosing,of Anchylose
Anchylosis,Alt. of Ankylosis
Ankylosis,Stiffness or fixation of a joint; formation of a stiff joint.
Anchylotic,Of or pertaining to anchylosis.
Anciently,In ancient times.
Ancientry,Antiquity; what is ancient.
Ancienty,Age; antiquity.
Ancillary,Subservient or subordinate  like a handmaid; auxiliary.
Ancille,A maidservant; a handmaid.
Ancipital,Alt. of Ancipitous
Ancistroid,Hook-shaped.
Ancle,See Ankle.
Ancome,A small ulcerous swelling  coming suddenly; also a whitlow.
Ancones,of Ancon
Ancon,The olecranon  or the elbow.
Ancone,The corner or quoin of a wall  cross-beam or rafter.
Anconal,Alt. of Anconeal
Anconeal,Of or pertaining to the ancon or elbow.
Anconeus,A muscle of the elbow and forearm.
Anconoid,Elbowlike; anconal.
Andabatism,Doubt; uncertainty.
Andantino,Rather quicker than andante; between that allegretto.
Andarac,Red orpiment.
Andean,Pertaining to the Andes.
Andesine,A kind of triclinic feldspar found in the Andes.
Andine,Andean; as  Andine flora.
Andranatomy,The dissection of a human body  especially of a male; androtomy.
Androecium,The stamens of a flower taken collectively.
Androgyne,An hermaphrodite.
Androgynous,Alt. of Androgynal
Androgyny,Alt. of Androgynism
Androgynism,Union of both sexes in one individual; hermaphroditism.
Android,Alt. of Androides
Androides,A machine or automaton in the form of a human being.
Androphagi,Cannibals; man-eaters; anthropophagi.
Androphagous,Anthropophagous.
Androphore,A support or column on which stamens are raised.
Androspore,A spore of some algae  which has male functions.
Androtomous,Having the filaments of the stamens divided into two parts.
Anear,Near.
Aneath,Beneath.
Anecdotage,Anecdotes collectively; a collection of anecdotes.
Anecdote,Unpublished narratives.
Anecdotic,Alt. of Anecdotical
Anecdotical,Pertaining to  consisting of or addicted to anecdotes.
Anecdotist,One who relates or collects anecdotes.
Anelace,Same as Anlace.
Anele,To anoint.
Anelectrode,The positive pole of a voltaic battery.
Anemogram,A record made by an anemograph.
Anemographic,Produced by an anemograph; of or pertaining to anemography.
Anemography,A description of the winds.
Anemology,The science of the wind.
Anemometric,Alt. of Anemometrical
Anemometrical,Of or pertaining to anemometry.
Anemometrograph,An anemograph.
Anemony,See Anemone.
Anencephalic,Alt. of Anencephalous
Anencephalous,Without a brain; brainless.
Anenst,Alt. of Anent
Anent,Over against; as  he lives anent the church.
Anenterous,Destitute of a stomach or an intestine.
Aneroid,Containing no liquid; -- said of a kind of barometer.
Anes,Once.
Anesthesia,Alt. of Anesthetic
Anesthetic,Same as Anaesthesia  Anaesthetic.
Anet,The herb dill  or dillseed.
Anetic,Soothing.
Anfractuose,Anfractuous; as  anfractuose anthers.
Anfractuosities,of Anfractuosity
Anfracture,A mazy winding.
Angariation,Exaction of forced service; compulsion.
Angeiology,Alt. of Angeiotomy
Angeiotomy,Same as Angiology  Angiotomy etc.
Angel,A messenger.
Angelage,Existence or state of angels.
Angelet,A small gold coin formerly current in England; a half angel.
Angel fish,See under Angel.
Angelhood,The state of being an angel; angelic nature.
Angelic,Alt. of Angelical
Angelically,Like an angel.
Angelicalness,The quality of being angelic; excellence more than human.
Angelify,To make like an angel; to angelize.
Angelize,To raise to the state of an angel; to render angelic.
Angellike,Resembling an angel.
Angelolatry,Worship paid to angels.
Angelophany,The actual appearance of an angel to man.
Anger,Trouble; vexation; also  physical pain or smart of a sore etc.
Angered,of Anger
Angering,of Anger
Angerly,Angrily.
Angevine,Of or pertaining to Anjou in France.
Anginous,Alt. of Anginose
Anginose,Pertaining to angina or angina pectoris.
Angiography,A description of blood vessels and lymphatics.
Angioma,A tumor composed chiefly of dilated blood vessels.
Angiomonospermous,Producing one seed only in a seed pod.
Angiosperm,A plant which has its seeds inclosed in a pericarp.
Angiospermatous,Same as Angiospermous.
Angiospermous,Having seeds inclosed in a pod or other pericarp.
Angiostomous,With a narrow mouth  as the shell of certain gastropods.
Angiotomy,Dissection of the blood vessels and lymphatics of the body.
Angled,of Angle
Angling,of Angle
Angler,One who angles.
Anglewise,In an angular manner; angularly.
Anglian,Of or pertaining to the Angles.
Anglic,Anglian.
Anglice,In English; in the English manner; as  Livorno Anglice Leghorn.
Anglicify,To anglicize.
Anglicity,The state or quality of being English.
Anglicization,The act of anglicizing  or making English in character.
Anglicized,of Anglicize
Anglicizing,of Anglicize
Anglified,of Anglify
Anglifying,of Anglify
Anglify,To convert into English; to anglicize.
Anglomaniac,One affected with Anglomania.
Anglophobia,Intense dread of  or aversion to England or the English.
Angola,A fabric made from the wool of the Angora goat.
Angrily,In an angry manner; under the influence of anger.
Angriness,The quality of being angry  or of being inclined to anger.
Angry,Troublesome; vexatious; rigorous.
Anguiform,Snake-shaped.
Anguilliform,Eel-shaped.
Anguine,Of  pertaining to or resembling a snake or serpent.
Anguineal,Anguineous.
Anguineous,Snakelike.
Anguish,Extreme pain  either of body or mind; excruciating distress.
Angularity,The quality or state of being angular; angularness.
Angularly,In an angular manner; with of at angles or corners.
Angularness,The quality of being angular.
Angulate,Alt. of Angulated
Angulated,Having angles or corners; angled; as  angulate leaves.
Angulation,A making angular; angular formation.
Angulo-dentate,Angularly toothed  as certain leaves.
Angulometer,An instrument for measuring external angles.
Angulose,Angulous.
Angulosity,A state of being angulous or angular.
Angulous,Angular; having corners; hooked.
Angust,Narrow; strait.
Angustate,Narrowed.
Angustation,The act of making narrow; a straitening or contacting.
Angustifoliate,Alt. of Angustifolious
Angustifolious,Having narrow leaves.
Angustura bark,See Angostura bark.
Anhang,To hang.
Anharmonic,Not harmonic.
Anhelation,Short and rapid breathing; a panting; asthma.
Anhele,To pant; to be breathlessly anxious or eager (for).
Anhelose,Anhelous; panting.
Anhelous,Short of breath; panting.
Anhistous,Without definite structure; as  an anhistous membrane.
Anhungered,Ahungered; longing.
Anhydrous,Destitute of water; as  anhydrous salts or acids.
Ani,Alt. of Ano
Anicut,Alt. of Annicut
Anidiomatical,Not idiomatic.
Anient,Alt. of Anientise
Anientise,To frustrate; to bring to naught; to annihilate.
Anigh,Nigh.
Anight,Alt. of Anights
Anights,In the night time; at night.
Anile,Old-womanish; imbecile.
Anileness,Anility.
Anility,The state of being and old woman; old-womanishness; dotage.
Animadversal,The faculty of perceiving; a percipient.
Animadversive,Having the power of perceiving; percipient.
Animadverted,of Animadvert
Animadverting,of Animadvert
Animadvert,To take notice; to observe; -- commonly followed by that.
Animadverter,One who animadverts; a censurer; also [Obs.]  a chastiser.
Animalcular,Alt. of Animalculine
Animalculine,Of  pertaining to or resembling animalcules.
Animalcule,A small animal  as a fly spider etc.
Animalculist,One versed in the knowledge of animalcules.
Animalcula,of Animalculum
Animalculum,An animalcule.
Animalish,Like an animal.
Animality,Animal existence or nature.
Animalized,of Animalize
Animalizing,of Animalize
Animally,Physically.
Animalness,Animality.
Animastic,Pertaining to mind or spirit; spiritual.
Animated,of Animate
Animating,of Animate
Animatedly,With animation.
Animater,One who animates.
Animative,Having the power of giving life or spirit.
Animator,One who  or that which animates; an animater.
Animist,One who maintains the doctrine of animism.
Animistic,Of or pertaining to animism.
Animose,Alt. of Animous
Animous,Full of spirit; hot; vehement; resolute.
Animoseness,Vehemence of temper.
Animosities,of Animosity
Animosity,Mere spiritedness or courage.
Animi,of Animus
Animus,Animating spirit; intention; temper.
Aniseed,The seed of the anise; also  a cordial prepared from it.
Anisette,A French cordial or liqueur flavored with anise seeds.
Anisic,Of or derived from anise; as  anisic acid; anisic alcohol.
Anisodactyla,Alt. of Anisodactyls
Anisopetalous,Having unequal petals.
Anisophyllous,Having unequal leaves.
Anisosthenic,Of unequal strength.
Anisotrope,Alt. of Anisotropic
Anisotropous,Anisotropic.
Ankerite,A mineral closely related to dolomite  but containing iron.
Ankle,The joint which connects the foot with the leg; the tarsus.
Ankled,Having ankles; -- used in composition; as  well-ankled.
Anklet,An ornament or a fetter for the ankle; an ankle ring.
Ankylose,Same as Anchylose.
Anlace,A broad dagger formerly worn at the girdle.
Ann,Alt. of Annat
Annal,See Annals.
Annalist,A writer of annals.
Annalize,To record in annals.
Annats,Alt. of Annates
Annealed,of Anneal
Annealing,of Anneal
Annealer,One who  or that which anneals.
Annectent,Connecting; annexing.
Annelid,Alt. of Annelidan
Annelidan,Of or pertaining to the Annelida.
Annelidous,Of the nature of an annelid.
Annellata,See Annelida.
Anneloid,An animal resembling an annelid.
Annexed,of Annex
Annexing,of Annex
Annexationist,One who favors annexation.
Annexer,One who annexes.
Annexion,Annexation.
Annexionist,An annexationist.
Annexment,The act of annexing  or the thing annexed; appendage.
Annihilable,Capable of being annihilated.
Annihilated,of Annihilate
Annihilating,of Annihilate
Annihilative,Serving to annihilate; destructive.
Annihilator,One who  or that which annihilates; as a fire annihilator.
Annihilatory,Annihilative.
Anniversarily,Annually.
Anniversaries,of Anniversary
Anniverse,Anniversary.
Annodated,Curved somewhat in the form of the letter S.
Anno Domini,In the year of the Christian era; as  a. d. 1887.
Annominate,To name.
Annomination,Paronomasia; punning.
Annotated,of Annotate
Annotating,of Annotate
Annotationist,An annotator.
Annotative,Characterized by annotations; of the nature of annotation.
Annotator,A writer of annotations; a commentator.
Annotatory,Pertaining to an annotator; containing annotations.
Annotine,A bird one year old  or that has once molted.
Annotinous,A year old; in Yearly growths.
Annotto,Alt. of Arnotto
Announced,of Announce
Announcing,of Announce
Announcer,One who announces.
Annoyed,of Annoy
Annoying,of Annoy
Annoyer,One who  or that which annoys.
Annoyful,Annoying.
Annoyous,Troublesome; annoying.
Annualist,One who writes for  or who edits an annual.
Annually,Yearly; year by year.
Annuary,Annual.
Annueler,A priest employed in saying annuals  or anniversary Masses.
Annuent,Nodding; as  annuent muscles (used in nodding).
Annuitant,One who receives  or its entitled to receive an annuity.
Annuities,of Annuity
Annulled,of Annul
Annulling,of Annul
Annul,To reduce to nothing; to obliterate.
Annularity,Annular condition or form; as  the annularity of a nebula.
Annularry,In an annular manner.
Annulary,Having the form of a ring; annular.
Annulate,One of the Annulata.
Annulation,A circular or ringlike formation; a ring or belt.
Annulet,A little ring.
Annullable,That may be Annulled.
Annuller,One who annuls.
Annulment,The act of annulling; abolition; invalidation.
Annuloid,Of or pertaining to the Annuloida.
Annulosan,One of the Annulosa.
Annuli,of Annulus
Annulus,A ring; a ringlike part or space.
Annumerate,To add on; to count in.
Annumeration,Addition to a former number.
Annunciable,That may be announced or declared; declarable.
Annunciated,of Annunciate
Annunciating,of Annunciate
Annunciate,To announce.
Annunciative,Pertaining to annunciation; announcing.
Annunciatory,Pertaining to  or containing announcement; making known.
Anodon,A genus of fresh-water bivalves  having no teeth at the hinge.
Anodyne,Serving to assuage pain; soothing.
Anodynous,Anodyne.
Anoil,To anoint with oil.
Anointed,of Anoint
Anointing,of Anoint
Anointer,One who anoints.
Anomal,Anything anomalous.
Anomaliped,Alt. of Anomalipede
Anomalipede,Having anomalous feet.
Anomalism,An anomaly; a deviation from rule.
Anomalistic,Alt. of Anomalistical
Anomalistical,Irregular; departing from common or established rules.
Anomalistically,With irregularity.
Anomaloflorous,Having anomalous flowers.
Anomalously,In an anomalous manner.
Anomalousness,Quality of being anomalous.
Anomalies,of Anomaly
Anomophyllous,Having leaves irregularly placed.
Anomura,Alt. of Anomoura
Anomural,Alt. of Anomuran
Anomy,Disregard or violation of law.
Anon,Straightway; at once.
Anonym,One who is anonymous; also sometimes used for pseudonym.
Anonymously,In an anonymous manner; without a name.
Anonymousness,The state or quality of being anonymous.
Anopla,One of the two orders of Nemerteans. See Nemertina.
Anoplothere,Alt. of Anoplotherium
Anoplura,A group of insects which includes the lice.
Anopsia,Alt. of Anopsy
Anopsy,Want or defect of sight; blindness.
Anorexia,Alt. of Anorexy
Anorexy,Want of appetite  without a loathing of food.
Anormal,Not according to rule; abnormal.
Anorn,To adorn.
Anorthic,Having unequal oblique axes; as  anorthic crystals.
Anosmia,Loss of the sense of smell.
Another-gaines,Of another kind.
Another-gates,Of another sort.
Another-guess,Of another sort.
Anotta,See Annotto.
Anoura,See Anura.
Anourous,See Anurous.
Ansae,of Ansa
Ansa,A name given to either of the projecting ends of Saturn's ring.
Ansated,Having a handle.
Anserine,Pertaining to  or resembling a goose or the skin of a goose.
Anserous,Resembling a goose; silly; simple.
Answered,of Answer
Answering,of Answer
Answerer,One who answers.
Answerless,Having no answer  or impossible to be answered.
An 't,An it  that is and it or if it. See An conj.
Ant-,See Anti-  prefix.
Antae,of Anta
Antacid,A remedy for acidity of the stomach  as an alkali or absorbent.
Antacrid,Corrective of acrimony of the humors.
Antaean,Pertaining to Antaeus  a giant athlete slain by Hercules.
Antagonistic,Alt. of Antagonistical
Antagonized,of Antagonize
Antagonozing,of Antagonize
Antagonize,To contend with; to oppose actively; to counteract.
Antagony,Contest; opposition; antagonism.
Antalgic,Alleviating pain.
Antalkali,Alt. of Antalkaline
Antambulacral,Away from the ambulacral region.
Antaphrodisiac,Capable of blunting the venereal appetite.
Antaphroditic,Antaphrodisiac.
Antapoplectic,Good against apoplexy.
Antarchism,Opposition to government in general.
Antarchist,One who opposes all government.
Antarchistic,Alt. of Antarchistical
Antarchistical,Opposed to all human government.
Antarthritic,Counteracting or alleviating gout.
Antasthmatic,Opposing  or fitted to relieve asthma.
Ant bird,See Ant bird  under Ant n.
Anteact,A preceding act.
Anteal,Being before  or in front.
Antecedaneous,Antecedent; preceding in time.
Antecede,To go before in time or place; to precede; to surpass.
Antecedence,The act or state of going before in time; precedence.
Antecedency,The state or condition of being antecedent; priority.
Antecessor,One who goes before; a predecessor.
Antechapel,The outer part of the west end of a collegiate or other chapel.
Antecians,See Ant/cians.
Antecursor,A forerunner; a precursor.
Antedated,of Antedate
Antedating,of Antedate
Antediluvial,Before the flood  or Deluge in Noah's time.
Antefact,Something done before another act.
Antefixes,of Antefix
Antefixa,of Antefix
Antefix,An ornament fixed upon a frieze.
Antemetic,Tending to check vomiting.
Antemosaic,Being before the time of Moses.
Antemundane,Being or occurring before the creation of the world.
Antenatal,Before birth.
Antennae,of Antenna
Antennal,Belonging to the antennae.
Antenniferous,Bearing or having antennae.
Antenniform,Shaped like antennae.
Antenumber,A number that precedes another.
Antenuptial,Preceding marriage; as  an antenuptial agreement.
Anteorbital,Same as Antorbital.
Antepaschal,Pertaining to the time before the Passover  or before Easter.
Antepast,A foretaste.
Antepenult,Alt. of Antepenultima
Antepenultimate,Of or pertaining to the last syllable but two.
Antephialtic,Good against nightmare.
Antepileptic,Good against epilepsy.
Antepone,To put before; to prefer.
Anteport,An outer port  gate or door.
Anteportico,An outer porch or vestibule.
Anteprandial,Preceding dinner.
Anterior,Before in time; antecedent.
Anteriorly,In an anterior manner; before.
Antes,Antae. See Anta.
Antestature,A small intrenchment or work of palisades  or of sacks of earth.
Antestomach,A cavity which leads into the stomach  as in birds.
Antetemple,The portico  or narthex in an ancient temple or church.
Antevert,To prevent.
Anthelia,of Anthelion
Anthelix,Same as Antihelix.
Anthelmintic,Good against intestinal worms.
Anthemion,A floral ornament. See Palmette
Anthemis,Chamomile; a genus of composite  herbaceous plants.
Anthemwise,Alternately.
Antheridia,of Antheridium
Antheriferous,Producing anthers  as plants.
Antheriform,Shaped like an anther; anther-shaped.
Antherogenous,Transformed from anthers  as the petals of a double flower.
Antheroid,Resembling an anther.
Antherozoid,Alt. of Antherozooid
Anthesis,The period or state of full expansion in a flower.
Ant-hill,A mound thrown up by ants or by termites in forming their nests.
Anthobian,A beetle which feeds on flowers.
Anthocyanin,Same as Anthokyan.
Anthography,A description of flowers.
Anthoid,Resembling a flower; flowerlike.
Anthokyan,The blue coloring matter of certain flowers. Same as Cyanin.
Antholite,A fossil plant  like a petrified flower.
Anthologist,One who compiles an anthology.
Anthology,A discourse on flowers.
Anthomania,A extravagant fondness for flowers.
Anthony's Fire,See Saint Anthony's Fire  under Saint.
Anthophagous,Eating flowers; -- said of certain insects.
Anthophorous,Flower bearing; supporting the flower.
Anthozoan,Pertaining to the Anthozoa.
Anthozoic,Of or pertaining to the Anthozoa.
Anthracic,Of or relating to anthrax; as  anthracic blood.
Anthraciferous,Yielding anthracite; as  anthraciferous strata.
Anthracitic,Of  pertaining to or like anthracite; as anthracitic formations.
Anthracomancy,Divination by inspecting a burning coal.
Anthracometric,Of or pertaining to an anthracometer.
Anthrax,A carbuncle.
Anthropic,Alt. of Anthropical
Anthropical,Like or related to man; human.
Anthropidae,The group that includes man only.
Anthropogenic,Of or pertaining to anthropogeny.
Anthropoidal,Anthropoid.
Anthropolatry,Man worship.
Anthropolite,A petrifaction of the human body  or of any portion of it.
Anthropologic,Alt. of Anthropological
Anthropological,Pertaining to anthropology; belonging to the nature of man.
Anthropologist,One who is versed in anthropology.
Anthropology,The science of the structure and functions of the human body.
Anthropomancy,Divination by the entrails of human being.
Anthropometric,Alt. of Anthropometrical
Anthropometrical,Pertaining to anthropometry.
Anthropomorpha,The manlike  or anthropoid apes.
Anthropomorphic,Of or pertaining to anthropomorphism.
Anthropomorphitic,to anthropomorphism.
Anthropomorphitism,Anthropomorphism.
Anthropomorphize,To attribute a human form or personality to.
Anthropomorphology,The application to God of terms descriptive of human beings.
Anthropomorphosis,Transformation into the form of a human being.
Anthropopathic,Alt. of Anthropopathical
Anthropopathical,Of or pertaining to anthropopathy.
Anthropopathism,Alt. of Anthropopathy
Anthropophagi,Man eaters; cannibals.
Anthropophagic,Alt. of Anthropophagical
Anthropophagical,Relating to cannibalism or anthropophagy.
Anthropophaginian,One who east human flesh.
Anthropophagite,A cannibal.
Anthropophagous,Feeding on human flesh; cannibal.
Anthropophagy,The eating of human flesh; cannibalism.
Anthropophuism,Human nature.
Anthroposophy,Knowledge of the nature of man; hence  human wisdom.
Anthropotomical,Pertaining to anthropotomy  or the dissection of human bodies.
Anthropotomist,One who is versed in anthropotomy  or human anatomy.
Anthropotomy,The anatomy or dissection of the human body; androtomy.
Anthypnotic,See Antihypnotic.
Anthypochondriac,See Antihypochondriac.
Anthysteric,See Antihysteric.
Antialbumose,See Albumose.
Antiaphrodisiac,Same as Antaphrodisiac.
Antiapoplectic,Same as Antapoplectic.
Antiarin,A poisonous principle obtained from antiar.
Antiasthmatic,Same as Antasthmatic.
Antibrachial,Of or pertaining to the antibrachium  or forearm.
Antibromic,An agent that destroys offensive smells; a deodorizer.
Antic,Old; antique.
Anticked,of Antic
Antickt,of Antic
Anticatarrhal,Efficacious against catarrh.
Anticausodic,Same as Anticausotic.
Anticausotic,Good against an inflammatory fever.
Antichamber,See Antechamber.
Antichristian,Opposed to the Christian religion.
Antichristianism,Alt. of Antichristianity
Antichristianity,Opposition or contrariety to the Christian religion.
Antichristianly,In an antichristian manner.
Antichronical,Deviating from the proper order of time.
Antichronism,Deviation from the true order of time; anachronism.
Antichthones,of Antichthon
Anticipant,Anticipating; expectant; -- with of.
Anticipated,of Anticipate
Anticipating,of Anticipate
Anticipative,Anticipating  or containing anticipation.
Anticipator,One who anticipates.
Anticipatory,Forecasting; of the nature of anticipation.
Anticivic,Opposed to citizenship.
Anticivism,Opposition to the body politic of citizens.
Anticlinal,Inclining or dipping in opposite directions. See Synclinal.
Anticlinoria,of Anticlinorium
Anticly,Oddly; grotesquely.
Antic-mask,An antimask.
Anticness,The quality of being antic.
Anticonstitutional,Opposed to the constitution; unconstitutional.
Anticontagious,Opposing or destroying contagion.
Anticonvulsive,Good against convulsions.
Antidotary,Antidotal.
Antidotical,Serving as an antidote.
Antidysenteric,Good against dysentery.
Antiemetic,Same as Antemetic.
Antiephialtic,Same as Antephialtic.
Antiepileptic,Same as Antepileptic.
Antifebrile,Febrifuge.
Antifebrine,Acetanilide.
Antifriction,Something to lessen friction; antiattrition.
Antigalastic,Causing a diminution or a suppression of the secretion of milk.
Anti-Gallican,Opposed to what is Gallic or French.
Antigraph,A copy or transcript.
Antihemorrhagic,Tending to stop hemorrhage.
Antihydrophobic,Counteracting or preventing hydrophobia.
Antihydropic,Good against dropsy.
Antihypnotic,Tending to prevent sleep.
Antihypochondriac,Counteractive of hypochondria.
Antihysteric,Counteracting hysteria.
Antiicteric,Good against jaundice.
Antilibration,A balancing; equipoise.
Antilogous,Of the contrary name or character; -- opposed to analogous.
Antilogies,of Antilogy
Antilogy,A contradiction between any words or passages in an author.
Antiloimic,A remedy against the plague.
Antilopine,Of or relating to the antelope.
Antiloquist,A contradicter.
Antiloquy,Contradiction.
Antilyssic,Antihydrophobic.
Antimagistrical,Opposed to the office or authority of magistrates.
Antimalarial,Good against malaria.
Antimason,One opposed to Freemasonry.
Antimasonry,Opposition to Freemasonry.
Antimephitic,Good against mephitic or deleterious gases.
Antimeter,A modification of the quadrant  for measuring small angles.
Antimonarchic,Alt. of Antimonarchical
Antimonarchical,Opposed to monarchial government.
Antimonarchist,An enemy to monarchial government.
Antimonate,A compound of antimonic acid with a base or basic radical.
Antimonial,Of or pertaining to antimony.
Antimoniated,Combined or prepared with antimony; as  antimoniated tartar.
Antimonite,A compound of antimonious acid and a base or basic radical.
Antinephritic,Counteracting  or deemed of use in diseases of the kidneys.
Antinomianism,The tenets or practice of Antinomians.
Antinomist,An Antinomian.
Antinomies,of Antinomy
Antinomy,Opposition of one law or rule to another law or rule.
Antiodontalgic,Efficacious in curing toothache.
Antiorgastic,Tending to allay venereal excitement or desire; sedative.
Antipapal,Opposed to the pope or to popery.
Antiparallel,Running in a contrary direction.
Antiparalytic,Good against paralysis.
Antiparalytical,Antiparalytic.
Antipathetic,Alt. of Antipathetical
Antipathic,Belonging to antipathy; opposite; contrary; allopathic.
Antipathist,One who has an antipathy.
Antipathize,To feel or show antipathy.
Antipathous,Having a natural contrariety; adverse; antipathetic.
Antipathies,of Antipathy
Antiperistatic,Pertaining to antiperistasis.
Antipetalous,Standing before a petal  as a stamen.
Antipharmic,Antidotal; alexipharmic.
Antiphlogistian,An opposer of the theory of phlogiston.
Antiphlogistic,Opposed to the doctrine of phlogiston.
Antiphoner,A book of antiphons.
Antiphonic,Antiphonal.
Antiphonies,of Antiphony
Antiphony,A musical response; also  antiphonal chanting or signing.
Antiphrastic,Alt. of Antiphrastical
Antiphrastical,Pertaining to antiphrasis.
Antiphthisic,Relieving or curing phthisis  or consumption.
Antiphysical,Contrary to nature; unnatural.
Antiplastic,Diminishing plasticity.
Antipodagric,Good against gout.
Antipode,One of the antipodes; anything exactly opposite.
Antipodes,Those who live on the side of the globe diametrically opposite.
Antipole,The opposite pole; anything diametrically opposed.
Antipsoric,Of use in curing the itch.
Antiptosis,The putting of one case for another.
Antiputrefactive,Alt. of Antiputrescent
Antiputrescent,Counteracting  or preserving from putrefaction; antiseptic.
Antipyic,Checking or preventing suppuration.
Antipyresis,The condition or state of being free from fever.
Antipyretic,Efficacious in preventing or allaying fever.
Antipyrotic,Good against burns or pyrosis.
Antiquarianism,Character of an antiquary; study or love of antiquities.
Antiquarianize,To act the part of an antiquary.
Antiquary,Pertaining to antiquity.
Antiquaries,of Antiquary
Antiquatedness,Quality of being antiquated.
Antiquateness,Antiquatedness.
Antiquation,The act of making antiquated  or the state of being antiquated.
Antiquely,In an antique manner.
Antiquist,An antiquary; a collector of antiques.
Antiquities,of Antiquity
Antirachitic,Good against the rickets.
Antisacerdotal,Hostile to priests or the priesthood.
Antiscians,Alt. of Antiscii
Antiscoletic,Alt. of Antiscolic
Antiscolic,Anthelmintic.
Antiscorbutic,Counteracting scurvy.
Antiscorbutical,Antiscorbutic.
Antiscriptural,Opposed to  or not in accordance with the Holy Scriptures.
Antisepalous,Standing before a sepal  or calyx leaf.
Antiseptic,Alt. of Antiseptical
Antiseptically,By means of antiseptics.
Antislavery,Opposed to slavery.
Antispasmodic,Good against spasms.
Antisplenetic,Good as a remedy against disease of the spleen.
Antistrophic,Of or pertaining to an antistrophe.
Antistrophon,An argument retorted on an opponent.
Antistrumatic,Antistrumous.
Antistrumous,Good against scrofulous disorders.
Antisyphilitic,Efficacious against syphilis.
Antitheism,The doctrine of antitheists.
Antitheist,A disbeliever in the existence of God.
Antitheses,of Antithesis
Antithet,An antithetic or contrasted statement.
Antithetic,Alt. of Antithetical
Antithetically,By way antithesis.
Antitoxin,Alt. of Antitoxine
Antitropal,Alt. of Antitropous
Antitypal,Antitypical.
Antitypical,Of or pertaining to an antitype; explaining the type.
Antitypous,Resisting blows; hard.
Antitypy,Opposition or resistance of matter to force.
Antivaccination,Opposition to vaccination.
Antivaccinationist,An antivaccinist.
Antivaccinist,One opposed to vaccination.
Antivariolous,Preventing the contagion of smallpox.
Antivenereal,Good against venereal poison; antisyphilitic.
Antivivisection,Opposition to vivisection.
Antivivisectionist,One opposed to vivisection
Antizymic,Preventing fermentation.
Antizymotic,Preventing fermentation or decomposition.
Antlered,Furnished with antlers.
Antilae,of Antlia
Antoeci,Alt. of Antoecians
Antonomastic,Pertaining to  or characterized by antonomasia.
Antonomasy,Antonomasia.
Antorgastic,See Antiorgastic.
Antral,Relating to an antrum.
Antre,A cavern.
Antrorse,Forward or upward in direction.
Antrovert,To bend forward.
Antra,of Antrum
Antrum,A cavern or cavity  esp. an anatomical cavity or sinus
Anurous,Destitute of a tail  as the frogs and toads.
Anury,Nonsecretion or defective secretion of urine; ischury.
Anxietude,The state of being anxious; anxiety.
Anxieties,of Anxiety
Anxiously,In an anxious manner; with painful uncertainty; solicitously.
Anxiousness,The quality of being anxious; great solicitude; anxiety.
Anyhow,In any way or manner whatever; at any rate; in any event.
Anythingarian,One who holds to no particular creed or dogma.
Anyway,Alt. of Anyways
Anyways,Anywise; at all.
Anywhere,In any place.
Anywhither,To or towards any place.
Anywise,In any wise or way; at all.
Aoristic,Indefinite; pertaining to the aorist tense.
Aortic,Of or pertaining to the aorta.
Aortitis,Inflammation of the aorta.
Apace,With a quick pace; quick; fast; speedily.
Apagogic,Alt. of Apagogical
Apaid,Paid; pleased.
Apair,To impair or become impaired; to injure.
Apalachian,See Appalachian.
Apanage,Same as Appanage.
Apanthropy,An aversion to the company of men; a love of solitude.
Apar,Alt. of Apara
Apara,See Mataco.
Aparithmesis,Enumeration of parts or particulars.
Apartness,The quality of standing apart.
Apathetic,Alt. of Apathetical
Apathetically,In an apathetic manner.
Apathist,One who is destitute of feeling.
Apathistical,Apathetic; une motional.
Apathies,of Apathy
Apaume,See Appaume.
Aped,of Ape
Aping,of Ape
Apehood,The state of being an ape.
Apellous,Destitute of skin.
Apepsy,Defective digestion  indigestion.
Aper,One who apes.
Aperea,The wild Guinea pig of Brazil (Cavia aperea).
Aperient,Gently opening the bowels; laxative.
Aperitive,Serving to open; aperient.
Apert,Open; evident; undisguised.
Apertion,The act of opening; an opening; an aperture.
Apertly,Openly; clearly.
Apertness,Openness; frankness.
Aperture,The act of opening.
Aperies,of Apery
Apery,A place where apes are kept.
Apetalous,Having no petals  or flower leaves. [See Illust. under Anther].
Apetalousness,The state of being apetalous.
Apexes,of Apex
Apices,of Apex
Aphaeresis,Same as Apheresis.
Aphakial,Pertaining to aphakia; as  aphakial eyes.
Aphanipterous,Of or pertaining to the Aphaniptera.
Aphanitic,Resembling aphanite; having a very fine-grained structure.
Aphasia,Alt. of Aphasy
Aphasic,Pertaining to  or affected by aphasia; speechless.
Aphelia,of Aphelion
Apheliotropic,Turning away from the sun; -- said of leaves  etc.
Aphetism,An aphetized form of a word.
Aphetize,To shorten by aphesis.
Aphid,One of the genus Aphis; an aphidian.
Aphides,See Aphis.
Aphidian,Of or pertaining to the family Aphidae.
Aphidivorous,Devouring aphides; aphidophagous.
Aphilanthropy,Want of love to mankind; -- the opposite of philanthropy.
Aphonia,Alt. of Aphony
Aphony,Loss of voice or vocal utterance.
Aphonic,Alt. of Aphonous
Aphonous,Without voice; voiceless; nonvocal.
Aphorismatic,Alt. of Aphorismic
Aphorismic,Pertaining to aphorisms  or having the form of an aphorism.
Aphorismer,A dealer in aphorisms.
Aphorist,A writer or utterer of aphorisms.
Aphoristic,Alt. of Aphoristical
Aphoristically,In the form or manner of aphorisms; pithily.
Aphorize,To make aphorisms.
Aphrite,See under Calcite.
Aphrodisiac,Alt. of Aphrodisiacal
Aphrodisiacal,Exciting venereal desire; provocative to venery.
Aphroditic,Venereal.
Aphtha,One of the whitish specks called aphthae.
Aphthoid,Of the nature of aphthae; resembling thrush.
Apiaceous,Umbelliferous.
Apian,Belonging to bees.
Apiarian,Of or relating to bees.
Apiarist,One who keeps an apiary.
Apical,At or belonging to an apex  tip or summit.
Apicular,Situated at  or near the apex; apical.
Apiculate,Alt. of Apiculated
Apiculated,Terminated abruptly by a small  distinct point as a leaf.
Apiculture,Rearing of bees for their honey and wax.
Apieces,In pieces or to pieces.
Apiked,Trimmed.
Apiol,An oily liquid derived from parsley.
Apiologist,A student of bees.
Apishly,In an apish manner; with servile imitation; foppishly.
Apishness,The quality of being apish; mimicry; foppery.
Apitpat,With quick beating or palpitation; pitapat.
Aplacental,Belonging to the Aplacentata; without placenta.
Aplacentata,Mammals which have no placenta.
Aplanatism,Freedom from spherical aberration.
Aplastic,Not plastic or easily molded.
Aplomb,Assurance of manner or of action; self-possession.
Aplotomy,Simple incision.
Apnoea,Partial privation or suspension of breath; suffocation.
Apocalyptic,Alt. of Apocalyptical
Apocalyptist,The writer of the Apocalypse.
Apocalyptically,By revelation; in an apocalyptic manner.
Apocopated,Shortened by apocope; as  an apocopate form.
Apocopation,Shortening by apocope; the state of being apocopated.
Apocrisiary,Alt. of Apocrisiarius
Apocrustic,Astringent and repellent.
Apocryphas,of Apocrypha
Apocryphal,Pertaining to the Apocrypha.
Apocryphalist,One who believes in  or defends the Apocrypha.
Apocryphally,In an apocryphal manner; mythically; not indisputably.
Apocynaceous,Alt. of Apocyneous
Apod,Alt. of Apodal
Apodal,Without feet; footless.
Apods,of Apode
Apodes,of Apode
Apoda,A group of cirripeds  destitute of footlike organs.
Apodan,Apodal.
Apodeictic,Alt. of Apodictical
Apodictic,Alt. of Apodictical
Apodeictical,Alt. of Apodictical
Apodictical,Self-evident; intuitively true; evident beyond contradiction.
Apodeictically,Alt. of Apodictically
Apodictically,So as to be evident beyond contradiction.
Apodixis,Full demonstration.
Apodous,Apodal; apod.
Apogaic,Apogean.
Apogamic,Relating to apogamy.
Apogeal,Apogean.
Apogeotropic,Bending away from the ground; -- said of leaves  etc.
Apogeotropism,The apogeotropic tendency of some leaves  and other parts.
Apograph,A copy or transcript.
Apohyal,Of or pertaining to a portion of the horn of the hyoid bone.
Apoise,Balanced.
Apolaustic,Devoted to enjoyment.
Apollinarian,In honor of Apollo; as  the Apollinarian games.
Apollonian,Alt. of Apollonic
Apollonic,Of  pertaining to or resembling Apollo.
Apologer,A teller of apologues.
Apologetic,Alt. of Apologetical
Apologetically,By way of apology.
Apologized,of Apologize
Apologizing,of Apologize
Apologize,To make an apology or defense.
Apologizer,One who makes an apology; an apologist.
Apologies,of Apology
Apomecometer,An instrument for measuring the height of objects.
Apomecometry,The art of measuring the distance of objects afar off.
Apomorphia,Alt. of Apomorphine
Aponeuroses,of Aponeurosis
Aponeurotic,Of or pertaining to an aponeurosis.
Aponeurotomy,Dissection of aponeuroses.
Apophlegmatism,The action of apophlegmatics.
Apophlegmatizant,An apophlegmatic.
Apophthegm,See Apothegm.
Apophthegmatic,Alt. of Apophthegmatical
Apophthegmatical,Same as Apothegmatic.
Apophysis,A marked prominence or process on any part of a bone.
Apoplectic,Alt. of Apoplectical
Apoplectiform,Alt. of Apoplectoid
Apoplectoid,Resembling apoplexy.
Apoplex,Apoplexy.
Apoplexed,Affected with apoplexy.
Aporetical,Doubting; skeptical.
Aporias,of Aporia
Aporose,Without pores.
Aport,On or towards the port or left side; -- said of the helm.
Apositic,Destroying the appetite  or suspending hunger.
Apostasies,of Apostasy
Apostatic,Apostatical.
Apostatical,Apostate.
Apostatized,of Apostatize
Apostatizing,of Apostatize
Apostemate,To form an abscess; to swell and fill with pus.
Apostemation,The formation of an aposteme; the process of suppuration.
Apostematous,Pertaining to  or partaking of the nature of an aposteme.
Aposteme,An abscess; a swelling filled with purulent matter.
Apostil,Alt. of Apostille
Apostille,A marginal note on a letter or other paper; an annotation.
Apostleship,The office or dignity of an apostle.
Apostolate,The dignity  office or mission of an apostle; apostleship.
Apostolic,Alt. of Apostolical
Apostolically,In an apostolic manner.
Apostolicalness,Apostolicity.
Apostolicism,Alt. of Apostolicity
Apostolicity,The state or quality of being apostolical.
Apostrophic,Pertaining to an apostrophe  grammatical or rhetorical.
Apostrophize,To address by apostrophe.
Apostume,See Aposteme.
Apotelesm,The result or issue.
Apotelesmatic,Relating to the casting of horoscopes.
Apothecaries,of Apothecary
Apothecia,of Apothecium
Apothegm,Alt. of Apophthegm
Apothegmatic,Alt. of Apothegmatical
Apothegmatist,A collector or maker of apothegms.
Apothegmatize,To utter apothegms  or short and sententious sayings.
Apotheoses,of Apotheosis
Apozem,A decoction or infusion.
Apozemical,Pertaining to  or resembling a decoction.
Appair,To impair; to grow worse.
Appalled,of Appall
Appalling,of Appall
Appall,To make pale; to blanch.
Appallment,Depression occasioned by terror; dismay.
Appanagist,A prince to whom an appanage has been granted.
Apparaillyng,Preparation.
Apparatus,of Apparatus
Apparatuses,of Apparatus
Appareled,of Apparel
Apparelled,of Apparel
Appareling,of Apparel
Apparelling,of Apparel
Apparence,Appearance.
Apparency,Appearance.
Apparently,Visibly.
Apparentness,Plainness to the eye or the mind; visibleness; obviousness.
Apparition,The act of becoming visible; appearance; visibility.
Apparitional,Pertaining to an apparition or to apparitions; spectral.
Appaume,A hand open and extended so as to show the palm.
Appay,To pay; to satisfy or appease.
Appeacher,An accuser.
Appeachment,Accusation.
Appealed,of Appeal
Appealing,of Appeal
Appealant,An appellant.
Appealer,One who makes an appeal.
Appeared,of Appear
Appearing,of Appear
Appear,To come or be in sight; to be in view; to become visible.
Appearer,One who appears.
Appearingly,Apparently.
Appeasable,Capable of being appeased or pacified; placable.
Appeasing,of Appease
Appeaser,One who appeases; a pacifier.
Appeasive,Tending to appease.
Appellable,Appealable.
Appellancy,Capability of appeal.
Appellant,Relating to an appeal; appellate.
Appellate,Pertaining to  or taking cognizance of appeals.
Appellation,The act of appealing; appeal.
Appellativeness,The quality of being appellative.
Appellatory,Containing an appeal.
Appellee,The defendant in an appeal; -- opposed to appellant.
Appenage,See Appanage.
Appended,of Append
Appending,of Append
Appendaged,Furnished with  or supplemented by an appendage.
Appendance,Something appendant.
Appendence,Alt. of Appendency
Appendency,State of being appendant; appendance.
Appendical,Of or like an appendix.
Appendicate,To append.
Appendication,An appendage.
Appendicitis,Inflammation of the vermiform appendix.
Appendicle,A small appendage.
Appendicular,Relating to an appendicle; appendiculate.
Appendiculata,An order of annelids; the Polych/ta.
Appendiculate,Having small appendages; forming an appendage.
Appendixes,of Appendix
Appendices,of Appendix
Appension,The act of appending.
Apperceive,To perceive; to comprehend.
Apperil,Peril.
Appertained,of Appertain
Appertaining,of Appertain
Appertainment,That which appertains to a person; an appurtenance.
Appertinance,Alt. of Appertinence
Appertinence,See Appurtenance.
Appertinent,Belonging; appertaining.
Appete,To seek for; to desire.
Appetencies,of Appetency
Appetent,Desiring; eagerly desirous.
Appetibility,The quality of being desirable.
Appetible,Desirable; capable or worthy of being the object of desire.
Appetition,Desire; a longing for  or seeking after something.
Appetize,To make hungry; to whet the appetite of.
Appetizer,Something which creates or whets an appetite.
Appetizing,Exciting appetite; as  appetizing food.
Appian,Of or pertaining to Appius.
Applauded,of Applaud
Applauding,of Applaud
Applauder,One who applauds.
Applausable,Worthy of applause; praiseworthy.
Applausive,Expressing applause; approbative.
Apple-faced,Having a round  broad face like an apple.
Apple-jack,Apple brandy.
Apple-squire,A pimp; a kept gallant.
Appliable,Applicable; also  compliant.
Appliance,The act of applying; application; [Obs.] subservience.
Applicability,The quality of being applicable or fit to be applied.
Applicancy,The quality or state of being applicable.
Applicate,Applied or put to some use.
Applicatorily,By way of application.
Applicatory,Having the property of applying; applicative; practical.
Appliedly,By application.
Applier,He who  or that which applies.
Appliment,Application.
Applotted,of Applot
Applotting,of Applot
Applot,To divide into plots or parts; to apportion.
Applotment,Apportionment.
Applied,of Apply
Applying,of Apply
Appointed,of Appoint
Appointing,of Appoint
Appoint,To fix with power or firmness; to establish; to mark out.
Appointable,Capable of being appointed or constituted.
Appointee,A person appointed.
Appointer,One who appoints  or executes a power of appointment.
Appointive,Subject to appointment; as  an appointive office.
Appointor,The person who selects the appointee. See Appointee  2.
Apporter,A bringer in; an importer.
Apportioned,of Apportion
Apportioning,of Apportion
Apportionateness,The quality of being apportioned or in proportion.
Apportioner,One who apportions.
Apposition,The act of adding; application; accretion.
Appositional,Pertaining to apposition; put in apposition syntactically.
Appositive,Of or relating to apposition; in apposition.
Appraisable,Capable of being appraised.
Appraisal,A valuation by an authorized person; an appraisement.
Appraised,of Appraise
Appraising,of Appraise
Apprecation,Earnest prayer; devout wish.
Apprecatory,Praying or wishing good.
Appreciant,Appreciative.
Appreciated,of Appreciate
Appreciating,of Appreciate
Appreciate,To set a price or value on; to estimate justly; to value.
Appreciatingly,In an appreciating manner; with appreciation.
Appreciator,One who appreciates.
Apprehended,of Apprehend
Apprehending,of Apprehend
Apprehend,To take or seize; to take hold of.
Apprehender,One who apprehends.
Apprehensibiity,The quality of being apprehensible.
Apprehensible,Capable of being apprehended or conceived.
Apprehensive,Capable of apprehending  or quick to do so; apt; discerning.
Apprehensively,In an apprehensive manner; with apprehension of danger.
Apprehensiveness,The quality or state of being apprehensive.
Apprenticed,of Apprentice
Apprenticing,of Apprentice
Apprenticeage,Apprenticeship.
Apprenticehood,Apprenticeship.
Appressed,Alt. of Apprest
Apprest,Pressed close to
Apprising,of Apprise
Apprizal,See Appraisal.
Apprize,To appraise; to value; to appreciate.
Apprizement,Appraisement.
Apprizer,An appraiser.
Approached,of Approach
Approaching,of Approach
Approachability,The quality of being approachable; approachableness.
Approachableness,The quality or state of being approachable; accessibility.
Approacher,One who approaches.
Approachless,Impossible to be approached.
Approachment,Approach.
Approbate,Approved.
Approbation,Proof; attestation.
Approbative,Approving  or implying approbation.
Approbativeness,The quality of being approbative.
Approbator,One who approves.
Approbatory,Containing or expressing approbation; commendatory.
Appromt,To quicken; to prompt.
Approof,Trial; proof.
Appropinquate,To approach.
Appropinquation,A drawing nigh; approach.
Appropinquity,Nearness; propinquity.
Appropre,To appropriate.
Appropriament,What is peculiarly one's own; peculiar qualification.
Appropriated,of Appropriate
Appropriating,of Appropriate
Appropriately,In an appropriate or proper manner; fitly; properly.
Appropriateness,The state or quality of being appropriate; peculiar fitness.
Appropriator,One who appropriates.
Approvable,Worthy of being approved; meritorious.
Approval,Approbation; sanction.
Approvance,Approval.
Approved,of Approve
Approving,of Approve
Approve,To show to be real or true; to prove.
Approvedly,So as to secure approbation; in an approved manner.
Approvement,Approbation.
Approver,One who approves. Formerly  one who made proof or trial.
Approximate,Approaching; proximate; nearly resembling.
Approximated,of Approximate
Approximating,of Approximate
Approximately,With approximation; so as to approximate; nearly.
Approximative,Approaching; approximate.
Approximator,One who  or that which approximates.
Appui,A support or supporter; a stay; a prop.
Appulsion,A driving or striking against; an appulse.
Appulsively,By appulsion.
Apricate,To bask in the sun.
Aprication,Basking in the sun.
April,The fourth month of the year.
Apriorism,An a priori principle.
Aprocta,A group of Turbellaria in which there is no anal aperture.
Aproctous,Without an anal office.
Aproned,Wearing an apron.
Apronfuls,of Apronful
Apronful,The quantity an apron can hold.
Apronless,Without an apron.
Apron man,A man who wears an apron; a laboring man; a mechanic.
Apron string,The string of an apron.
Aprosos,Opportunely or opportune; seasonably or seasonable.
Apsidal,Of or pertaining to the apsides of an orbit.
Apsides,See Apsis.
Apt,Fit or fitted; suited; suitable; appropriate.
Aptable,Capable of being adapted.
Aptate,To make fit.
Apteral,Apterous.
Apteran,One of the Aptera.
Apterous,Destitute of wings; apteral; as  apterous insects.
Apteryges,An order of birds  including the genus Apteryx.
Aptitudinal,Suitable; fit.
Aptote,A noun which has no distinction of cases; an indeclinable noun.
Apus,A genus of fresh-water phyllopod crustaceans. See Phyllopod.
Apyrexia,Alt. of Apyrexy
Apyrexy,The absence or intermission of fever.
Apyrexial,Relating to apyrexy.
Aqua fortis,Nitric acid.
Aquapuncture,The introduction of water subcutaneously for the relief of pain.
Aquarellist,A painter in thin transparent water colors.
Aquarial,Alt. of Aquarian
Aquarian,Of or pertaining to an aquarium.
Aquariums,of Aquarium
Aquaria,of Aquarium
Aquatical,Aquatic.
Aquatile,Inhabiting the water.
Aquatint,Alt. of Aquatinta
Aqueity,Wateriness.
Aqueous,Partaking of the nature of water  or abounding with it; watery.
Aqueousness,Wateriness.
Aquiform,Having the form of water.
Aquilae,of Aquila
Aquila,A genus of eagles.
Aquilated,Adorned with eagles' heads.
Aquiline,Belonging to or like an eagle.
Aquilon,The north wind.
Aquiparous,Secreting water; -- applied to certain glands.
Aquitanian,Of or pertaining to Aquitania  now called Gascony.
Aquose,Watery; aqueous.
Aquosity,The condition of being wet or watery; wateriness.
Ar,Ere; before.
Arabesqued,Ornamented in the style of arabesques.
Arabian,Of or pertaining to Arabia or its inhabitants.
Arabic,Of or pertaining to Arabia or the Arabians.
Arabical,Relating to Arabia; Arabic.
Arabism,An Arabic idiom peculiarly of language.
Araby,The country of Arabia.
Aracanese,Of or pertaining to Aracan  a province of British Burmah.
Arace,To tear up by the roots; to draw away.
Arachnid,An arachnidan.
Arachnida,One of the classes of Arthropoda. See Illustration in Appendix.
Arachnidan,One of the Arachnida.
Arachnidial,Of or pertaining to the Arachnida.
Arachnitis,Inflammation of the arachnoid membrane.
Arachnoid,Resembling a spider's web; cobweblike.
Arachnoidal,Pertaining to the arachnoid membrane; arachnoid.
Arachnoidea,Same as Arachnida.
Arachnological,Of or pertaining to arachnology.
Arachnologist,One who is versed in  or studies arachnology.
Araeometer,See Areometer.
Araeostyle,See Intercolumniation.
Araeosystyle,See Intercolumniation.
Aragonese,Of or pertaining to Aragon  in Spain or to its inhabitants.
Araise,To raise.
Arak,Same as Arrack.
Aramaean,Alt. of Aramean
Aramaism,An idiom of the Aramaic.
Araneida,Alt. of Araneoidea
Araneoidea,See Araneina.
Araneidan,Of or pertaining to the Araneina or spiders.
Araneiform,Having the form of a spider.
Araneina,The order of Arachnida that includes the spiders.
Araneose,Of the aspect of a spider's web; arachnoid.
Arangoes,of Arango
Arapaima,A large fresh-water food fish of South America.
Aration,Plowing; tillage.
Aratory,Contributing to tillage.
Arbalest,Alt. of Arbalist
Arbalester,Alt. of Arbalister
Arbalister,A crossbowman.
Arbitrable,Capable of being decided by arbitration; determinable.
Arbitrage,Judgment by an arbiter; authoritative determination.
Arbitral,Of or relating to an arbiter or an arbitration.
Arbitrament,Determination; decision; arbitration.
Arbitrarily,In an arbitrary manner; by will only; despotically; absolutely.
Arbitrariness,The quality of being arbitrary; despoticalness; tyranny.
Arbitrarious,Arbitrary; despotic.
Arbitrated,of Arbitrate
Arbitrating,of Arbitrate
Arbitratrix,A female who arbitrates or judges.
Arbitress,A female arbiter; an arbitratrix.
Arblast,A crossbow. See Arbalest.
Arborary,Of or pertaining to trees; arboreal.
Arborator,One who plants or who prunes trees.
Arbor Dianae,A precipitation of silver  in a beautiful arborescent form.
Arboreal,Of or pertaining to a tree  or to trees; of nature of trees.
Arbored,Furnished with an arbor; lined with trees.
Arboret,A small tree or shrub.
Arboreta,of Arboretum
Arborical,Relating to trees.
Arboricole,Tree-inhabiting; -- said of certain birds.
Arboricultural,Pertaining to arboriculture.
Arboriculturist,One who cultivates trees.
Arboriform,Treelike in shape.
Arborized,Having a treelike appearance.
Arborous,Formed by trees.
Arbor vine,A species of bindweed.
Arbuscular,Of or pertaining to a dwarf tree; shrublike.
Arbustive,Containing copses of trees or shrubs; covered with shrubs.
Arbutus,Alt. of Arbute
Arcaded,Furnished with an arcade.
Arcadian,Alt. of Arcadic
Arcane,Hidden; secret.
Arcana,of Arcanum
Arcanum,A secret; a mystery; -- generally used in the plural.
Arcboutant,A flying buttress.
Arch,Any part of a curved line.
Arched,of Arch
Arching,of Arch
Arch-,A prefix signifying chief  as in archbuilder archfiend.
Archaeography,A description of  or a treatise on antiquity or antiquities.
Archaeologian,An archaeologist.
Archaeologic,Alt. of Archaeological
Archaeologist,One versed in archaeology; an antiquary.
Archaeozoic,Like or belonging to the earliest forms of animal life.
Archaical,Archaic.
Archaist,Am antiquary.
Archaized,of Archaize
Archaizing,of Archaize
Archaize,To make appear archaic or antique.
Archangel,A chief angel; one high in the celestial hierarchy.
Arch brick,A wedge-shaped brick used in the building of an arch.
Archbutler,A chief butler; -- an officer of the German empire.
Archchemic,Of supreme chemical powers.
Archdeaconship,The office of an archdeacon.
Archdiocese,The diocese of an archbishop.
Archducal,Of or pertaining to an archduke or archduchy.
Archduchy,The territory of an archduke or archduchess.
Archduke,A prince of the imperial family of Austria.
Archdukedom,An archduchy.
Archegonial,Relating to the archegonium.
Archegony,Spontaneous generation; abiogenesis.
Archelogy,The science of  or a treatise on first principles.
Archencephala,The division that includes man alone.
Archenteric,Relating to the archenteron; as  archenteric invagination.
Archeology,Alt. of Archeological
Archeological,Same as Archaeology  etc.
Archer,A bowman  one skilled in the use of the bow and arrow.
Archeress,A female archer.
Archership,The art or skill of an archer.
Arches,pl. of Arch  n.
Archetypical,Relating to an archetype; archetypal.
Archical,Chief; primary; primordial.
Archidiaconal,Of or pertaining to an archdeacon.
Archiepiscopality,The station or dignity of an archbishop; archiepiscopacy.
Archiepiscopate,The office of an archbishop; an archbishopric.
Archimage,Alt. of Archimagus
Archimagus,The high priest of the Persian Magi  or worshipers of fire.
Archipelagic,Of or pertaining to an archipelago.
Archipterygium,The primitive form of fin  like that of Ceratodus.
Architective,Used in building; proper for building.
Architectonic,Alt. of Architectonical
Architectonics,The science of architecture.
Architector,An architect.
Architectress,A female architect.
Architraved,Furnished with an architrave.
Archival,Pertaining to  or contained in archives or records.
Archives,of Archive
Archivist,A keeper of archives or records.
Archlute,Alt. of Archilute
Archonship,The office of an archon.
Archontate,An archon's term of office.
Archonts,The group including man alone.
Archprelate,An archbishop or other chief prelate.
Archpresbyter,Same as Archpriest.
Archpresbytery,The absolute dominion of presbytery.
Archpriest,A chief priest; also  a kind of vicar or a rural dean.
Archprimate,The chief primate.
Arch stone,A wedge-shaped stone used in an arch; a voussoir.
Archtraitor,A chief or transcendent traitor.
Archway,A way or passage under an arch.
Archwife,A big  masculine wife.
Archwise,Arch-shaped.
Archy,Arched; as  archy brows.
Arciform,Having the form of an arch; curved.
Arctisca,A group of Arachnida. See Illust. in Appendix.
Arctogeal,Of or pertaining to arctic lands; as  the arctogeal fauna.
Arctoidea,A group of the Carnivora  that includes the bears weasels etc.
Arcturus,A fixed star of the first magnitude in the constellation Bootes.
Arcual,Of or pertaining to an arc.
Arcuate,Alt. of Arcuated
Arcuated,Bent or curved in the form of a bow.
Arcuately,In the form of a bow.
Arcubalist,A crossbow.
Arcubalister,A crossbowman; one who used the arcubalist.
Arcubus,See Arquebus.
Ardassine,A very fine sort of Persian silk.
Ardency,Heat.
Ardentness,Ardency.
Ardor,Heat  in a literal sense; as the ardor of the sun's rays.
Arduous,Steep and lofty  in a literal sense; hard to climb.
Arduously,In an arduous manner; with difficulty or laboriousness.
Arduousness,The quality of being arduous; difficulty of execution.
Ardurous,Burning; ardent.
Areas,of Area
Aread,Alt. of Areed
Arear,To raise; to set up; to stir up.
Areek,In a reeking condition.
Arefaction,The act of drying  or the state of growing dry.
Arefy,To dry  or make dry.
Arenas,of Arena
Arenae,of Arena
Arenarious,Sandy; as  arenarious soil.
Arenation,A sand bath; application of hot sand to the body.
Areng,Alt. of Arenga
Arenicolite,An ancient wormhole in sand  preserved in the rocks.
Arenilitic,Of or pertaining to sandstone; as  arenilitic mountains.
Arenose,Sandy; full of sand.
Arenulous,Full of fine sand; like sand.
Areolae,of Areola
Areolate,Alt. of Areolated
Areolation,Division into areolae.
Areole,Same as Areola.
Areometric,Alt. of Areometrical
Areometrical,Pertaining to  or measured by an areometer.
Areometry,The art or process of measuring the specific gravity of fluids.
Areopagist,See Areopagite.
Areopagite,A member of the Areopagus.
Areopagitic,Pertaining to the Areopagus.
Areostyle,See Intercolumniation  and Araeostyle.
Areosystyle,See Intercolumniation  and Araeosystyle.
Arere,See Arear.
Arest,A support for the spear when couched for the attack.
Aret,To reckon; to ascribe; to impute.
Arew,In a row.
Argal,Crude tartar. See Argol.
Argala,The adjutant bird.
Argean,Pertaining to the ship Argo. See Argo.
Argent,Silver  or money.
Argentan,An alloy of nickel with copper and zinc; German silver.
Argentate,Silvery white.
Argentation,A coating or overlaying with silver.
Argentry,Silver plate or vessels.
Argilliferous,Producing clay; -- applied to such earths as abound with argil.
Argillo-areenaceous,Consisting of  or containing clay and sand as a soil.
Argillo-calcareous,Consisting of  or containing clay and calcareous earth.
Argillo-ferruginous,Containing clay and iron.
Argillous,Argillaceous; clayey.
Argive,Of or performance to Argos  the capital of Argolis in Greece.
Argoan,Pertaining to the ship Argo.
Argoile,Potter's clay.
Argolic,Pertaining to Argolis  a district in the Peloponnesus.
Argonautic,Of or pertaining to the Argonauts.
Argosies,of Argosy
Argosy,A large ship  esp. a merchant vessel of the largest size.
Arguable,Capable of being argued; admitting of debate.
Argued,of Argue
Arguing,of Argue
Arguer,One who argues; a reasoner; a disputant.
Argufy,To argue pertinaciously.
Argument,Proof; evidence.
Argumentable,Admitting of argument.
Argumental,Of  pertaining to or containing argument; argumentative.
Argumentize,To argue or discuss.
Argus-eyed,Extremely observant; watchful; sharp-sighted.
Argutation,Caviling; subtle disputation.
Argute,Sharp; shrill.
Argutely,In a subtle; shrewdly.
Arguteness,Acuteness.
Arhizal,Alt. of Arhythmous
Arhizous,Alt. of Arhythmous
Arhythmic,Alt. of Arhythmous
Arhythmous,See Arrhizal  Arrhizous Arrhythmic Arrhythmous.
Aria,An air or song; a melody; a tune.
Arian,See Aryan.
Arianism,The doctrines of the Arians.
Arianize,To admit or accept the tenets of the Arians; to become an Arian.
Aricine,An alkaloid  first found in white cinchona bark.
Arid,Exhausted of moisture; parched with heat; dry; barren.
Aridities,of Aridity
Aridity,The state or quality of being arid or without moisture; dryness.
Aridness,Aridity; dryness.
Ariel,Alt. of Ariel gazelle
Arietate,To butt  as a ram.
Arietation,The act of butting like a ram; act of using a battering-ram.
Arietta,Alt. of Ariette
Ariette,A short aria  or air.
Aril,Alt. of Arillus
Arillate,Alt. of Ariled
Arllated,Alt. of Ariled
Ariled,Having an aril.
Ariman,See Ahriman.
Ariolation,A soothsaying; a foretelling.
Ariose,Characterized by melody  as distinguished from harmony.
Arioso,In the smooth and melodious style of an air; ariose.
Arose,of Arise
Arising,of Arise
Arisen,of Arise
Arist,3d sing. pres. of Arise  for ariseth.
Arista,An awn.
Aristarch,A severe critic.
Aristarchian,Severely critical.
Aristarchy,Severely criticism.
Aristocracies,of Aristocracy
Aristocracy,Government by the best citizens.
Aristocratic,Alt. of Aristocratical
Aristocratism,The principles of aristocrats.
Aristology,The science of dining.
Aristophanic,Of or pertaining to Aristophanes  the Athenian comic poet.
Aristotelic,Pertaining to Aristotle or to his philosophy.
Aristulate,Having a short beard or awn.
Arithmancy,Divination by means of numbers.
Arithmetic,The science of numbers; the art of computation by figures.
Arithmetically,Conformably to the principles or methods of arithmetic.
Arithmetician,One skilled in arithmetic.
Arithmomancy,Arithmancy.
Arithmometer,A calculating machine.
Ark,A chest  or coffer.
Arkite,Belonging to the ark.
Arles,An earnest; earnest money; money paid to bind a bargain.
Armed,of Arm
Arming,of Arm
Armadillos,of Armadillo
Armado,Armada.
Armamentary,An armory; a magazine or arsenal.
Armchair,A chair with arms to support the elbows or forearms.
Armenian,Of or pertaining to Armenia.
Armet,A kind of helmet worn in the 14th  15th and 16th centuries.
Armfulus,of Armful
Armful,As much as the arm can hold.
Armgaunt,With gaunt or slender legs. (?)
Arm-gret,Great as a man's arm.
Armhole,The cavity under the shoulder; the armpit.
Armiferous,Bearing arms or weapons.
Armigerous,Bearing arms.
Armil,A bracelet.
Armillas,of Armilla
Armillae,of Armilla
Armilla,An armil.
Arminianism,The religious doctrines or tenets of the Arminians.
Armipotence,Power in arms.
Armipotent,Powerful in arms; mighty in battle.
Armisonant,Alt. of Armisonous
Armisonous,Rustling in arms; resounding with arms.
Armless,Without any arm or branch.
Armlet,A small arm; as  an armlet of the sea.
Armoniac,Ammoniac.
Armor-bearer,One who carries the armor or arms of another; an armiger.
Armored,Clad with armor.
Armorer,One who makes or repairs armor or arms.
Armoric,Alt. of Armorican
Armorist,One skilled in coat armor or heraldry.
Armories,of Armory
Armozeen,Alt. of Armozine
Armozine,A thick plain silk  generally black and used for clerical.
Armrack,A frame  generally vertical for holding small arms.
Arms,Instruments or weapons of offense or defense.
Armure,Armor.
Arna,Alt. of Arnee
Arnatto,See Annotto.
Arnicin,An active principle of Arnica montana. It is a bitter resin.
Arnicine,An alkaloid obtained from the arnica plant.
Arnot,Alt. of Arnut
Arnut,The earthnut.
Aroid,Alt. of Aroideous
Aroideous,Belonging to  or resembling the Arum family of plants.
Aroint,Stand off  or begone.
Aromatic,Alt. of Aromatical
Aromatization,The act of impregnating or secting with aroma.
Aromatized,of Aromatize
Aromatizing,of Aromatize
Aromatizer,One who  or that which aromatizes or renders aromatic.
Aromatous,Aromatic.
Around,In a circle; circularly; on every side; round.
Arousal,The act of arousing  or the state of being aroused.
Aroused,of Arouse
Arousing,of Arouse
Arow,In a row  line or rank; successively; in order.
Aroynt,See Aroint.
Arpent,Alt. of Arpen
Arpentator,The Anglicized form of the French arpenteur  a land surveyor.
Arpine,An arpent.
Arquated,Shaped like a bow; arcuate; curved.
Arquebus,Alt. of Arquebuse
Arquebusade,The shot of an arquebus.
Arquebusier,A soldier armed with an arquebus.
Arquifoux,Same as Alquifou.
Arrach,See Orach.
Arragonite,See Aragonite.
Arraigned,of Arraign
Arraigning,of Arraign
Arraigner,One who arraigns.
Arraiment,Alt. of Arrayment
Arrayment,Clothes; raiment.
Arranged,of Arrange
Arranging,of Arrange
Arranger,One who arranges.
Arraswise,Alt. of Arrasways
Arraught,Obtained; seized.
Arrayed,of Array
Arraying,of Array
Arrear,To or in the rear; behind; backwards.
Arrect,Alt. of Arrected
Arrected,Lifted up; raised; erect.
Arrectary,An upright beam.
Arreption,The act of taking away.
Arrested,of Arrest
Arresting,of Arrest
Arrestation,Arrest.
Arrester,One who arrests.
Arrestive,Tending to arrest.
Arrhaphostic,Seamless.
Arrhizal,Alt. of Arrhizous
Arrhizous,Destitute of a true root  as a parasitical plant.
Arrhythmic,Alt. of Arrhythmous
Arrhythmous,Being without rhythm or regularity  as the pulse.
Arrhytmy,Want of rhythm.
Arride,To please; to gratify.
Arrish,The stubble of wheat or grass; a stubble field; eddish.
Arriswise,Diagonally laid  as tiles; ridgewise.
Arrivance,Arrival.
Arrived,of Arrive
Arriving,of Arrive
Arriver,One who arrives.
Arrogancy,Arrogance.
Arrogantly,In an arrogant manner; with undue pride or self-importance.
Arrogantness,Arrogance.
Arrogated,of Arrogate
Arrogating,of Arrogate
Arrogative,Making undue claims and pretension; prone to arrogance.
Arrondissement,A subdivision of a department.
Arrose,To drench; to besprinkle; to moisten.
Arrosion,A gnawing.
Arrowhead,The head of an arrow.
Arrowheaded,Shaped like the head of an arrow; cuneiform.
Arrowy,Consisting of arrows.
Arroyos,of Arroyo
Arroyo,A water course; a rivulet.
Arschin,See Arshine.
Arsenate,A salt of arsenic acid.
Arseniate,See Arsenate.
Arsenicated,of Arsenicate
Arsenicating,of Arsenicate
Arsenicate,To combine with arsenic; to treat or impregnate with arsenic.
Arsenicism,A diseased condition produced by slow poisoning with arsenic.
Arseniferous,Containing or producing arsenic.
Arsenite,A salt formed by the union of arsenious acid with a base.
Arseniuret,See Arsenide.
Arsesmart,Smartweed; water pepper.
Arshine,A Russian measure of length = 2 ft. 4.246 inches.
Arsmetrike,Arithmetic.
Arteriac,Of or pertaining to the windpipe.
Arterialized,of Arterialize
Arterializing,of Arterialize
Arteriography,A systematic description of the arteries.
Arteriole,A small artery.
Arteriology,That part of anatomy which treats of arteries.
Arteriotomy,The opening of an artery  esp. for bloodletting.
Arteritis,Inflammation of an artery or arteries.
Arteries,of Artery
Artery,The trachea or windpipe.
Artful,Performed with  or characterized by art or skill.
Artfulness,The quality of being artful; art; cunning; craft.
Arthen,Same as
Arthritic,Alt. of Arthritical
Arthritical,Pertaining to the joints.
Arthritis,Any inflammation of the joints  particularly the gout.
Arthroderm,The external covering of an Arthropod.
Arthrodial,Alt. of Arthrodic
Arthrodic,Of or pertaining to arthrodia.
Arthrodynic,Pertaining to arthrodynia  or pain in the joints; rheumatic.
Arthrography,The description of joints.
Arthrology,That part of anatomy which treats of joints.
Arthromere,One of the body segments of Arthropods. See Arthrostraca.
Arthropleura,The side or limb-bearing portion of an arthromere.
Arthropod,One of the Arthropoda.
Arthropomata,One of the orders of Branchiopoda. See Branchiopoda.
Arthrosis,Articulation.
Arthrozoic,Of or pertaining to the Articulata; articulate.
Articled,of Article
Articling,of Article
Articularly,In an articular or an articulate manner.
Articulate,Expressed in articles or in separate items or particulars.
Articulated,of Articulate
Articulating,of Articulate
Articulately,After the manner  or in the form of a joint.
Articulateness,Quality of being articulate.
Articulation,A joint or juncture between bones in the skeleton.
Articulative,Of or pertaining to articulation.
Articuli,of Articulus
Artifice,A handicraft; a trade; art of making.
Artificialize,To render artificial.
Artificialness,The quality of being artificial.
Artificious,Artificial.
Artilize,To make resemble.
Artilleryman,A man who manages  or assists in managing a large gun in firing.
Artiodactyle,One of the Artiodactyla.
Artiodactylous,Even-toed.
Artisan,One who professes and practices some liberal art; an artist.
Artist,One who practices some mechanic art or craft; an artisan.
Artistic,Alt. of Artistical
Artistry,Works of art collectively.
Artless,Wanting art  knowledge or skill; ignorant; unskillful.
Artlessly,In an artless manner; without art  skill or guile; unaffectedly.
Artly,With art or skill.
Artocarpeous,Alt. of Artocarpous
Artocarpous,Of or pertaining to the breadfruit  or to the genus Artocarpus.
Artotype,A kind of autotype.
Artow,A contraction of art thou.
Artsman,A man skilled in an art or in arts.
Arundiferous,Producing reeds or canes.
Arundinaceous,Of or pertaining to a reed; resembling the reed or cane.
Arundineous,Abounding with reeds; reedy.
Aruspices,of Aruspex
Aruspice,A soothsayer of ancient Rome. Same as Aruspex.
Arval,A funeral feast.
Aryanize,To make Aryan (a language  or in language).
Asses,of As
Asa,An ancient name of a gum.
Asafetida,Alt. of Asafoetida
Asbestiform,Having the form or structure of asbestus.
Asbestous,Asbestic.
Asbestus,Alt. of Asbestos
Asbolin,A peculiar acrid and bitter oil  obtained from wood soot.
Ascarides,of Ascarid
Ascended,of Ascend
Ascending,of Ascend
Ascendable,Capable of being ascended.
Ascendancy,Alt. of Ascendance
Ascendance,Same as Ascendency.
Ascendant,Ascent; height; elevation.
Ascendent,Rising toward the zenith; above the horizon.
Ascendency,Governing or controlling influence; domination; power.
Ascendible,Capable of being ascended; climbable.
Ascension,The act of ascending; a rising; ascent.
Ascensive,Rising; tending to rise  or causing to rise.
Ascertained,of Ascertain
Ascertaining,of Ascertain
Ascertainable,That may be ascertained.
Ascertainer,One who ascertains.
Ascessancy,Alt. of Ascessant
Ascessant,See Acescency  Acescent.
Ascetic,Extremely rigid in self-denial and devotions; austere; severe.
Asceticism,The condition  practice or mode of life of ascetics.
Asci,See Ascus.
Ascian,One of the Ascii.
Ascidiform,Shaped like an ascidian.
Ascidia,of Ascidium
Ascigerous,Having asci.
Ascii,Alt. of Ascians
Ascitic,Alt. of Ascitical
Ascitical,Of  pertaining to or affected by ascites; dropsical.
Asclepiadaceous,Of  pertaining to or resembling plants of the Milkweed family.
Ascococci,of Ascococcus
Ascribable,Capable of being ascribed; attributable.
Ascribed,of Ascribe
Ascribing,of Ascribe
Ascript,See Adscript.
Ascriptitious,Ascribed.
A-sea,On the sea; at sea; toward the sea.
Aseptic,Not liable to putrefaction; nonputrescent.
Asexually,In an asexual manner; without sexual agency.
Ashame,To shame.
Ashamedly,Bashfully.
Ashantees,of Ashantee
Ashantee,A native or an inhabitant of Ashantee in Western Africa.
Ash-colored,Of the color of ashes; a whitish gray or brownish gray.
Ashen,Of or pertaining to the ash tree.
Ashery,A depository for ashes.
Ash-fire,A low fire used in chemical operations.
Ash-furnace,Alt. of Ash-oven
Ash-oven,A furnace or oven for fritting materials for glass making.
Ashine,Shining; radiant.
Ashlar,Alt. of Ashler
Ashlaring,Alt. of Ashlering
Ashlering,The act of bedding ashlar in mortar.
Ashtaroth,of Ashtoreth
Ashweed,Goutweed.
Asian,Of or pertaining to Asia; Asiatic.
Asiatic,Of or pertaining to Asia or to its inhabitants.
Asiaticism,Something peculiar to Asia or the Asiatics.
Asinego,Alt. of Assinego
Assinego,A stupid fellow.
Asininity,The quality of being asinine; stupidity combined with obstinacy.
Asiphonea,Alt. of Asiphonida
Asiphonata,Alt. of Asiphonida
Asitia,Want of appetite; loathing of food.
Asked,of Ask
Asking,of Ask
Askance,Alt. of Askant
Asker,One who asks; a petitioner; an inquirer.
Aslake,To mitigate; to moderate; to appease; to abate; to diminish.
Aslant,Toward one side; in a slanting direction; obliquely.
Asleep,In a state of sleep; in sleep; dormant.
Aslope,Slopingly; aslant; declining from an upright direction; sloping.
Aslug,Sluggishly.
Asmear,Smeared over.
Asoak,Soaking.
Asomatous,Without a material body; incorporeal.
Asonant,Not sounding or sounded.
Asp,Same as Aspen.
Aspalathus,A thorny shrub yielding a fragrant oil.
Aspartic,Pertaining to  or derived asparagine; as aspartic acid.
Aspect,The act of looking; vision; gaze; glance.
Aspectable,Capable of being; visible.
Aspectant,Facing each other.
Aspected,Having an aspect.
Aspection,The act of viewing; a look.
Aspen,Alt. of Asp
Asper,Rough; rugged; harsh; bitter; stern; fierce.
Asperated,of Asperate
Asperating,of Asperate
Asperate,To make rough or uneven.
Asperation,The act of asperating; a making or becoming rough.
Asperges,The service or ceremony of sprinkling with holy water.
Aspergill,Alt. of Aspergillum
Asperifoliate,Alt. of Asperifolious
Asperifolious,Having rough leaves.
Asperities,of Asperity
Asperity,Roughness of surface; unevenness; -- opposed to smoothness.
Aspermatous,Aspermous.
Aspermous,Destitute of seeds; aspermatous.
Asperne,To spurn; to despise.
Asperous,Rough; uneven.
Aspersed,of Asperse
Aspersing,of Asperse
Asperser,One who asperses; especially  one who vilifies another.
Aspersion,A sprinkling  as with water or dust in a literal sense.
Aspersive,Tending to asperse; defamatory; slanderous.
Aspersoir,An aspergill.
Aspersoria,of Aspersorium
Asphalt,Alt. of Asphaltum
Asphalte,Asphaltic mastic or cement. See Asphalt  2.
Asphaltite,Asphaltic.
Asphaltus,See Asphalt.
Asphyctic,Pertaining to asphyxia.
Asphyxia,Alt. of Asphyxy
Asphyxial,Of or relating to asphyxia; as  asphyxial phenomena.
Asphyxiated,Alt. of Asphyxied
Asphyxied,In a state of asphyxia; suffocated.
Asphyxiation,The act of causing asphyxia; a state of asphyxia.
Aspic,The venomous asp.
Aspirant,Aspiring.
Aspirated,of Aspirate
Aspirating,of Aspirate
Aspiratory,Of or pertaining to breathing; suited to the inhaling of air
Aspired,of Aspire
Aspiring,of Aspire
Aspirement,Aspiration.
Aspirer,One who aspires.
Aspish,Pertaining to  or like an asp.
Asprawl,Sprawling.
Asquat,Squatting.
Assaf/tida,Same as Asafetida.
Assagai,Alt. of Assegai
Assai,A direction equivalent to very; as  adagio assai very slow.
Assailed,of Assail
Assailing,of Assail
Assailable,Capable of being assailed.
Assailant,Assailing; attacking.
Assailer,One who assails.
Assailment,The act or power of assailing; attack; assault.
Assapan,Alt. of Assapanic
Assapanic,The American flying squirrel (Pteromys volucella).
Assassinated,of Assassinate
Assassinating,of Assassinate
Assassination,The act of assassinating; a killing by treacherous violence.
Assassinator,An assassin.
Assassinous,Murderous.
Assastion,Roasting.
Assaulted,of Assault
Assaulting,of Assault
Assaultable,Capable of being assaulted.
Assaulter,One who assaults  or violently attacks; an assailant.
Assay,Trial; attempt; essay.
Assayed,of Assay
Assaying,of Assay
Assayable,That may be assayed.
Assecuration,Assurance; certainty.
Assecure,To make sure or safe; to assure.
Assecution,An obtaining or acquiring.
Assemblance,Resemblance; likeness; appearance.
Assembled,of Assemble
Assembling,of Assemble
Assemblies,of Assembly
Assemblymen,of Assemblyman
Assented,of Assent
Assenting,of Assent
Assentator,An obsequious; a flatterer.
Assentatory,Flattering; obsequious.
Assenter,One who assents.
Assentient,Assenting.
Assentive,Giving assent; of the nature of assent; complying.
Assentment,Assent; agreement.
Asserted,of Assert
Asserting,of Assert
Asserter,One who asserts; one who avers pr maintains; an assertor.
Assertive,Positive; affirming confidently; affirmative; peremptory.
Assertory,Affirming; maintaining.
Assessed,of Assess
Assessing,of Assess
Assessable,Liable to be assessed or taxed; as  assessable property.
Assessee,One who is assessed.
Assession,A sitting beside or near.
Assessorial,Of or pertaining to an assessor  or to a court of assessors.
Assessorship,The office or function of an assessor.
Asset,Any article or separable part of one's assets.
Assever,See Asseverate.
Asseverated,of Asseverate
Asseverating,of Asseverate
Asseverate,To affirm or aver positively  or with solemnity.
Asseverative,Characterized by asseveration; asserting positively.
Asseveratory,Asseverative.
Assibilate,To make sibilant; to change to a sibilant.
Assiduate,Unremitting; assiduous.
Assiduities,of Assiduity
Assiege,To besiege.
Assigned,of Assign
Assigning,of Assign
Assign,To appoint; to allot; to apportion; to make over.
Assignability,The quality of being assignable.
Assignation,The act of assigning or allotting; apportionment.
Assigner,One who assigns  appoints allots or apportions.
Assimilability,The quality of being assimilable.
Assimilated,of Assimilate
Assimilating,of Assimilate
Assimulate,To feign; to counterfeit; to simulate; to resemble.
Assimulation,Assimilation.
Assish,Resembling an ass; asinine; stupid or obstinate.
Assisted,of Assist
Assisting,of Assist
Assistance,The act of assisting; help; aid; furtherance; succor; support.
Assistant,Helping; lending aid or support; auxiliary.
Assistantly,In a manner to give aid.
Assister,An assistant; a helper.
Assistful,Helpful.
Assistive,Lending aid  helping.
Assistless,Without aid or help.
Assistor,A assister.
Assithment,See Assythment.
Assized,of Assize
Assizing,of Assize
Assizor,A juror.
Assober,To make or keep sober.
Associable,Capable of being associated or joined.
Associableness,Associability.
Associated,of Associate
Associating,of Associate
Associateship,The state of an associate  as in Academy or an office.
Associational,Of or pertaining to association  or to an association.
Associationism,The doctrine or theory held by associationists.
Associator,An associate; a confederate or partner in any scheme.
Assoil,To set free; to release.
Assoilzie,Alt. of Assoilyie
Assoilyie,To absolve; to acquit by sentence of court.
Assonance,Resemblance of sound.
Assonant,Having a resemblance of sounds.
Assonantal,Assonant.
Assonate,To correspond in sound.
Assorted,of Assort
Assorting,of Assort
Assortment,Act of assorting  or distributing into sorts kinds or classes.
Assot,To besot; to befool; to beguile; to infatuate.
Assuaged,of Assuage
Assuaging,of Assuage
Assuagement,Mitigation; abatement.
Assuager,One who  or that which assuages.
Assuasive,Mitigating; tranquilizing; soothing.
Assubjugate,To bring into subjection.
Assuetude,Accustomedness; habit; habitual use.
Assumable,That may be assumed.
Assumably,By way of assumption.
Assumed,of Assume
Assuming,of Assume
Assumedly,By assumption.
Assument,A patch; an addition; a piece put on.
Assumer,One who assumes  arrogates pretends or supposes.
Assumpt,To take up; to elevate; to assume.
Assured,of Assure
Assuring,of Assure
Assuredly,Certainly; indubitably.
Assuredness,The state of being assured; certainty; full confidence.
Assurgency,Act of rising.
Assurgent,Ascending
Asswage,See Assuage.
Assyrian,Of or pertaining to Assyria  or to its inhabitants.
Assyriological,Of or pertaining to Assyriology; as  Assyriological studies.
Assyriologist,One versed in Assyriology; a student of Assyrian archaeology.
Assythment,Indemnification for injury; satisfaction.
Astarboard,Over to the starboard side; -- said of the tiller.
Astart,Same as Astert.
Astate,Estate; state.
Astatically,In an astatic manner.
Astaticism,The state of being astatic.
Asterias,A genus of echinoderms.
Asteriated,Radiated  with diverging rays; as asteriated sapphire.
Asteridian,Of or pertaining to the Asterioidea.
Asterioidea,Alt. of Asteridea
Asterism,A constellation.
Asternal,Not sternal; -- said of ribs which do not join the sternum.
Asteroidal,Of or pertaining to an asteroid  or to the asteroids.
Astert,To start up; to befall; to escape; to shun.
Asthenia,Alt. of Astheny
Asthenic,Characterized by  or pertaining to debility; weak; debilitating.
Asthenopia,Weakness of sight.
Asthmatic,Alt. of Asthmatical
Astipulate,To assent.
Astipulation,Stipulation; agreement.
Astir,Stirring; in a state of activity or motion; out of bed.
Astomatous,Alt. of Astomous
Astomous,Not possessing a mouth.
Astoned,of Astone
Astond,of Astone
Astound,of Astone
Aston,Alt. of Astone
Astone,To stun; to astonish; to stupefy.
Astonied,Stunned; astonished. See Astony.
Astonished,of Astonish
Astonishing,of Astonish
Astonish,To stun; to render senseless  as by a blow.
Astonishedly,In an astonished manner.
Astonying,of Astony
Astony,To stun; to bewilder; to astonish; to dismay.
Astoop,In a stooping or inclined position.
Astounded,of Astound
Astounding,of Astound
Astoundment,Amazement.
Astrachan,See Astrakhan.
Astraean,Pertaining to the genus Astraea or the family Astraeidae.
Astragalar,Of or pertaining to the astragalus.
Astragaloid,Resembling the astragalus in form.
Astragalomancy,Divination by means of small bones or dice.
Astrand,Stranded.
Astricted,of Astrict
Astricting,of Astrict
Astrict,To bind up; to confine; to constrict; to contract.
Astriction,The act of binding; restriction; also  obligation.
Astrictive,Binding; astringent.
Astrictory,Astrictive.
Astriferous,Bearing stars.
Astringed,of Astringe
Astringing,of Astringe
Astringently,In an astringent manner.
Astringer,A falconer who keeps a goshawk.
Astro-,The combining form of the Greek word 'a`stron  meaning star.
Astrofel,Alt. of Astrofell
Astrofell,A bitter herb  probably the same as aster or starwort.
Astrogeny,The creation or evolution of the stars or the heavens.
Astrognosy,The science or knowledge of the stars  esp. the fixed stars.
Astrogony,Same as Astrogeny.
Astroite,A radiated stone or fossil; star-stone.
Astrolater,A worshiper of the stars.
Astrolatry,The worship of the stars.
Astrolithology,The science of aerolites.
Astrologer,One who studies the stars; an astronomer.
Astrologian,An astrologer.
Astrologic,Alt. of Astrological
Astrologize,To apply astrology to; to study or practice astrology.
Astronomer,An astrologer.
Astronomian,An astrologer.
Astronomic,Astronomical.
Astronomize,To study or to talk astronomy.
Astronomy,Astrology.
Astrophel,See Astrofel.
Astrophysical,Pertaining to the physics of astronomical science.
Astrophyton,A genus of ophiurans having the arms much branched.
Astroscopy,Observation of the stars.
Astructive,Building up; constructive; -- opposed to destructive.
Astrut,Sticking out  or puffed out; swelling; in a swelling manner.
Astucious,Subtle; cunning; astute.
Astucity,Craftiness; astuteness.
Astun,To stun.
Asturian,Of or pertaining to Asturias in Spain.
Astute,Critically discerning; sagacious; shrewd; subtle; crafty.
Astylar,Without columns or pilasters.
Asura,An enemy of the gods  esp. one of a race of demons and giants.
Aswail,The sloth bear (Melursus labiatus) of India.
Asweve,To stupefy.
Aswing,In a state of swinging.
Aswoon,In a swoon.
Aswooned,In a swoon.
Asylums,of Asylum
Asyla,of Asylum
Asymmetral,Incommensurable; also  unsymmetrical.
Asymmetric,Alt. of Asymmetrical
Asymmetrical,Incommensurable.
Asymmetrous,Asymmetrical.
Asynartete,Disconnected; not fitted or adjusted.
Asystole,A weakening or cessation of the contractile power of the heart.
Asystolism,The state or symptoms characteristic of asystole.
Atabal,A kettledrum; a kind of tabor  used by the Moors.
Atafter,After.
Ataghan,See Yataghan.
Atake,To overtake.
Ataman,A hetman  or chief of the Cossacks.
Ataraxia,Alt. of Ataraxy
Ataraxy,Perfect peace of mind  or calmness.
Ataunt,Alt. of Ataunto
Atavic,Pertaining to a remote ancestor  or to atavism.
Ataxia,Alt. of Ataxy
Ataxy,Disorder; irregularity.
Atazir,The influence of a star upon other stars or upon men.
Ate,the preterit of Eat.
Atechnic,Without technical or artistic knowledge.
Atelier,A workshop; a studio.
Athamaunt,Adamant.
Atheistic,Alt. of Atheistical
Atheize,To render atheistic or godless.
Atheneums,of Athenaeum
Athenaea,of Athenaeum
Atheneum,Alt. of Athenaeum
Athenian,Of or pertaining to Athens  the metropolis of Greece.
Atheological,Opposed to theology; atheistic.
Atheology,Antagonism to theology.
Atheous,Atheistic; impious.
Athermancy,Inability to transmit radiant heat; impermeability to heat.
Athermanous,Not transmitting heat; -- opposed to diathermanous.
Athermous,Athermanous.
Atheroid,Shaped like an ear of grain.
Atheroma,An encysted tumor containing curdy matter.
Atheromatous,Of  pertaining to or having the nature of atheroma.
Athink,To repent; to displease; to disgust.
Athirst,Wanting drink; thirsty.
Athleticism,The practice of engaging in athletic games; athletism.
Athwart,Across; from side to side of.
Atimy,Public disgrace or stigma; infamy; loss of civil rights.
A-tiptoe,On tiptoe; eagerly expecting.
Atlantal,Relating to the atlas.
Atlases,of Atlas
Atlas,One who sustains a great burden.
Atmologic,Alt. of Atmological
Atmological,Of or pertaining to atmology.
Atmologist,One who is versed in atmology.
Atmolyzation,Separation by atmolysis.
Atmolyze,To subject to atmolysis; to separate by atmolysis.
Atmolyzer,An apparatus for effecting atmolysis.
Atmospheric,Alt. of Atmospherical
Atmospherically,In relation to the atmosphere.
Atmospherology,The science or a treatise on the atmosphere.
Atom,An ultimate indivisible particle of matter.
Atomic,Alt. of Atomical
Atomical,Of or pertaining to atoms.
Atomically,In an atomic manner; in accordance with the atomic philosophy.
Atomician,An atomist.
Atomicism,Atomism.
Atomism,The doctrine of atoms. See Atomic philosophy  under Atomic.
Atomist,One who holds to the atomic philosophy or theory.
Atomistic,Of or pertaining to atoms; relating to atomism.
Atomize,To reduce to atoms  or to fine spray.
Atomology,The doctrine of atoms.
Atomy,An atom; a mite; a pigmy.
Atonable,Admitting an atonement; capable of being atoned for; expiable.
Atoned,of Atone
Atoning,of Atone
Atone,To agree; to be in accordance; to accord.
Atoner,One who makes atonement.
Atop,On or at the top.
Atrabilarian,Alt. of Atrabilarious
Atrabilarious,Affected with melancholy; atrabilious.
Atrabiliar,Melancholy; atrabilious.
Atrabilious,Melancholic or hypochondriac; atrabiliary.
Atramentaceous,Black  like ink; inky; atramental.
Atramental,Alt. of Atramentous
Atrede,To surpass in council.
Atrenne,To outrun.
Atrial,Of or pertaining to an atrium.
Atrip,Just hove clear of the ground; -- said of the anchor.
Atria,of Atrium
Atrocities,of Atrocity
Atrocity,Enormous wickedness; extreme heinousness or cruelty.
Atrophic,Relating to atrophy.
Atropia,Same as Atropine.
Atropism,A condition of the system produced by long use of belladonna.
Atropous,Not inverted; orthotropous.
Atrous,Coal-black; very black.
Attabal,See Atabal.
Attached,of Attach
Attaching,of Attach
Attacked,of Attack
Attacking,of Attack
Attackable,Capable of being attacked.
Attacker,One who attacks.
Attagas,Alt. of Attagen
Attaghan,See Yataghan.
Attained,of Attain
Attaining,of Attain
Attainability,The quality of being attainable; attainableness.
Attainableness,The quality of being attainable; attainability.
Attainted,of Attaint
Attainting,of Attaint
Attaint,To attain; to get act; to hit.
Attaintment,Attainder; attainture; conviction.
Attainture,Attainder; disgrace.
Attal,Same as Attle.
Attame,To pierce; to attack.
Attaminate,To corrupt; to defile; to contaminate.
Attask,To take to task; to blame.
Attaste,To taste or cause to taste.
Atte,At the.
Attempered,of Attemper
Attempering,of Attemper
Attemperament,A tempering  or mixing in due proportion.
Attemperance,Temperance; attemperament.
Attemperate,Tempered; proportioned; properly adapted.
Attemperation,The act of attempering or regulating.
Attemperly,Temperately.
Attemperment,Attemperament.
Attempted,of Attempt
Attempting,of Attempt
Attemptable,Capable of being attempted  tried or attacked.
Attempter,One who attempts; one who essays anything.
Attemptive,Disposed to attempt; adventurous.
Attended,of Attend
Attending,of Attend
Attendance,Attention; regard; careful application.
Attendant,Being present  or in the train; accompanying; in waiting.
Attendement,Intent.
Attender,One who  or that which attends.
Attendment,An attendant circumstance.
Attent,Attentive; heedful.
Attentate,Alt. of Attentat
Attentat,An attempt; an assault.
Attentive,Heedful; intent; observant; regarding with care or attention.
Attently,Attentively.
Attenuated,of Attenuate
Attenuating,of Attenuate
Atter,Poison; venom; corrupt matter from a sore.
Attercop,A spider.
Atterrate,To fill up with alluvial earth.
Attested,of Attest
Attesting,of Attest
Attestative,Of the nature of attestation.
Attester,Alt. of Attestor
Attestor,One who attests.
Attestive,Attesting; furnishing evidence.
Attical,Attic.
Atticism,A favoring of  or attachment to the Athenians.
Attiguous,Touching; bordering; contiguous.
Attinge,To touch lightly.
Attired,of Attire
Attiring,of Attire
Attirement,Attire; adornment.
Attirer,One who attires.
Attitude,The posture  action or disposition of a figure or a statue.
Attitudinal,Relating to attitude.
Attitudinarian,One who attitudinizes; a posture maker.
Attitudinarianism,A practicing of attitudes; posture making.
Attitudinize,To assume affected attitudes; to strike an attitude; to pose.
Attitudinizer,One who practices attitudes.
Attollent,Lifting up; raising; as  an attollent muscle.
Attonce,At once; together.
Attone,See At one.
Attorneys,of Attorney
Attorney,A substitute; a proxy; an agent.
Attorneyism,The practice or peculiar cleverness of attorneys.
Attorneyship,The office or profession of an attorney; agency for another.
Attracted,of Attract
Attracting,of Attract
Attractability,The quality or fact of being attractable.
Attractable,Capable of being attracted; subject to attraction.
Attracter,One who  or that which attracts.
Attractile,Having power to attract.
Attractivity,The quality or degree of attractive power.
Attractor,One who  or that which attracts.
Attrahent,Attracting; drawing; attractive.
Attrap,To entrap; to insnare.
Attrectation,Frequent handling or touching.
Attributable,Capable of being attributed; ascribable; imputable.
Attributed,of Attribute
Attributing,of Attribute
Attributively,In an attributive manner.
Attrite,Rubbed; worn by friction.
Attry,Poisonous; malignant; malicious.
Attuned,of Attune
Attuning,of Attune
Atwain,In twain; asunder.
Atween,Between.
Atwirl,Twisted; distorted; awry.
Atwite,To speak reproachfully of; to twit; to upbraid.
Atwixt,Betwixt.
Atwo,In two; in twain; asunder.
Atypic,Alt. of Atypical
Aubaine,Succession to the goods of a stranger not naturalized.
Aube,An alb.
Auberge,An inn.
Auburn,Flaxen-colored.
Auchenium,The part of the neck nearest the back.
Auctary,That which is superadded; augmentation.
Auctionary,Of or pertaining to an auction or an auctioneer.
Aucupation,Birdcatching; fowling.
Audacious,Daring; spirited; adventurous.
Audaciously,In an audacious manner; with excess of boldness; impudently.
Audaciousness,The quality of being audacious; impudence; audacity.
Audacity,Daring spirit  resolution or confidence; venturesomeness.
Audibleness,The quality of being audible.
Audibly,So as to be heard.
Audience,The act of hearing; attention to sounds.
Audient,Listening; paying attention; as  audient souls.
Audit,An audience; a hearing.
Audited,of Audit
Auditing,of Audit
Audition,The act of hearing or listening; hearing.
Auditive,Of or pertaining to hearing; auditory.
Auditor,A hearer or listener.
Auditorial,Auditory.
Auditorship,The office or function of auditor.
Auditress,A female hearer.
Auditual,Auditory.
Au fait,Expert; skillful; well instructed.
Aught,Alt. of Aucht
Aucht,Property; possession.
Augmented,of Augment
Augmenting,of Augment
Augmentable,Capable of augmentation.
Augmenter,One who  or that which augments or increases anything.
Augrim,See Algorism.
Augured,of Augur
Auguring,of Augur
Augurate,To make or take auguries; to augur; to predict.
Auguration,The practice of augury.
Augurer,An augur.
Augurial,Relating to augurs or to augury.
Augurist,An augur.
Angurize,To augur.
Augurous,Full of augury; foreboding.
Augurship,The office  or period of office of an augur.
Auguries,of Augury
Augustan,Of or pertaining to Augustus Caesar or to his times.
Augustine,Alt. of Augustinian
Augustinianism,Alt. of Augustinism
Augustinism,The doctrines held by Augustine or by the Augustinians.
Augustly,In an august manner.
Aukward,See Awkward.
Aularian,Relating to a hall.
Auld,Old; as  Auld Reekie (old smoky) i. e. Edinburgh.
Auletic,Of or pertaining to a pipe (flute) or piper.
Aulic,Pertaining to a royal court.
Auln,An ell. [Obs.] See Aune.
Aulnage,Alt. of Aulnager
Aulnager,See Alnage and Alnager.
Aum,Same as Aam.
Aumail,To figure or variegate.
Aumbry,Same as Ambry.
Auncetry,Ancestry.
Auntter,Adventure; hap.
Aunter,Alt. of Auntre
Auntre,To venture; to dare.
Auntie,Alt. of Aunty
Auntrous,Adventurous.
Aurae,of Aura
Aural,Of or pertaining to the air  or to an aura.
Aurated,Resembling or containing gold; gold-colored; gilded.
Aureate,Golden; gilded.
Aurelian,Of or pertaining to the aurelia.
Aureola,Alt. of Aureole
Auric,Of or pertaining to gold.
Aurichalceous,Brass-colored.
Auriculae,of Auricula
Auriculas,of Auricula
Auricularly,In an auricular manner.
Auriculate,Alt. of Auriculated
Auriferous,Gold-bearing; containing or producing gold.
Auriflamme,See Oriflamme.
Auriform,Having the form of the human ear; ear-shaped.
Aurigal,Of or pertaining to a chariot.
Aurigation,The act of driving a chariot or a carriage.
Aurigraphy,The art of writing with or in gold.
Auriphrygiate,Embroidered or decorated with gold.
Auripigment,See Orpiment.
Auriscalp,An earpick.
Auriscope,An instrument for examining the condition of the ear.
Auriscopy,Examination of the ear by the aid of the auriscope.
Aurist,One skilled in treating and curing disorders of the ear.
Aurited,Having lobes like the ear; auriculate.
Aurivorous,Gold-devouring.
Aurocephalous,Having a gold-colored head.
Auroras,of Aurora
Aurorae,of Aurora
Aurous,Containing gold.
Aurum,Gold.
Auscult,To auscultate.
Auscultate,To practice auscultation; to examine by auscultation.
Auscultation,The act of listening or hearkening to.
Auscultator,One who practices auscultation.
Auscultatory,Of or pertaining to auscultation.
Ausonian,Italian.
Auspicate,Auspicious.
Auspices,of Auspice
Auspicial,Of or pertaining to auspices; auspicious.
Auster,The south wind.
Austerely,Severely; rigidly; sternly.
Austereness,Harshness or astringent sourness to the taste; acerbity.
Austerities,of Austerity
Austerity,Sourness and harshness to the taste.
Austin,Augustinian; as  Austin friars.
Australasian,Of or pertaining to Australasia; as  Australasian regions.
Australian,Of or pertaining to Australia.
Australize,To tend toward the south pole  as a magnet.
Austrian,Of or pertaining to Austria  or to its inhabitants.
Austrine,Southern; southerly; austral.
Autarchy,Self-sufficiency.
Authentical,Authentic.
Authentically,In an authentic manner; with the requisite or genuine authority.
Authenticalness,The quality of being authentic; authenticity.
Authenticated,of Authenticate
Authenticating,of Authenticate
Authenticly,Authentically.
Authenticness,The quality of being authentic; authenticity.
Authoress,A female author.
Authorial,Of or pertaining to an author.
Authorism,Authorship.
Authorities,of Authority
Authorizable,Capable of being authorized.
Authorized,of Authorize
Authorizing,of Authorize
Authorizer,One who authorizes.
Authorless,Without an author; without authority; anonymous.
Authorly,Authorial.
Authotype,A type or block containing a facsimile of an autograph.
Autobiographer,One who writers his own life or biography.
Autobiographic,Alt. of Autobiographical
Autobiographist,One who writes his own life; an autobiographer.
Autobiographies,of Autobiography
Autocarpous,Alt. of Autocarpian
Authochthons,of Autochthon
Autochthones,of Autochthon
Autochthonal,Alt. of Autochthonous
Authochthonic,Alt. of Autochthonous
Autochthonous,Aboriginal; indigenous; native.
Autochthonism,The state of being autochthonal.
Autochthony,An aboriginal or autochthonous condition.
Autoclave,A kind of French stewpan with a steam-tight lid.
Autocracies,of Autocracy
Autocratic,Alt. of Autocratical
Autocrator,An autocrat.
Autocratorical,Pertaining to an autocrator; absolute.
Autocratship,The office or dignity of an autocrat.
Autos-da-fe,of Auto-da-fe
Autos-de-fe,of Auto-de-fe
Auto-de-fe,Same as Auto-da-fe.
Autodidact,One who is self-taught; an automath.
Autofecundation,Self-impregnation.
Autogamous,Characterized by autogamy; self-fertilized.
Autogeneal,Self-produced; autogenous.
Autogenesis,Spontaneous generation.
Autogenetic,Relating to autogenesis; self-generated.
Autogenous,Self-generated; produced independently.
Autogenously,In an autogenous manner; spontaneously.
Autographal,Autographic.
Autographic,Alt. of Autographical
Autolatry,Self-worship.
Automath,One who is self-taught.
Automatic,Alt. of Automatical
Automatical,Having an inherent power of action or motion.
Automatically,In an automatic manner.
Automata,of Automaton
Automatons,of Automaton
Automatous,Automatic.
Automorphic,Patterned after one's self.
Automorphism,Automorphic characterization.
Autonomic,Having the power of self-government; autonomous.
Autoomist,One who advocates autonomy.
Autophoby,Fear of one's self; fear of being egotistical.
Autoplastic,Of or pertaining to autoplasty.
Autopsic,Alt. of Autopsical
Autopsical,Pertaining to autopsy; autoptical.
Autoptic,Alt. of Autoptical
Autoptically,By means of ocular view  or one's own observation.
Autoschediastic,Alt. of Autoschediastical
Autoschediastical,Extemporary; offhand.
Autotheism,The doctrine of God's self-existence.
Autotheist,One given to self-worship.
Autotype,A facsimile.
Autotypy,The art or process of making autotypes.
Auxanometer,An instrument to measure the growth of plants.
Auxetic,Pertaining to  or containing auxesis; amplifying.
Auxiliar,Auxiliary.
Auxiliarly,By way of help.
Auxiliaries,of Auxiliary
Auxiliatory,Auxiliary; helping.
Ava,Same as Kava.
Avadavat,Same as Amadavat.
Availed,of Avail
Availing,of Avail
Availabilities,of Availability
Availability,The quality of being available; availableness.
Availment,Profit; advantage.
Avale,To cause to descend; to lower; to let fall; to doff.
Avant,The front of an army. [Obs.] See Van.
Avant-guard,The van or advanced body of an army. See Vanguard.
Avarous,Avaricious.
Avast,Cease; stop; stay.
Avaunce,To advance; to profit.
Avauntour,A boaster.
Ave,An ave Maria.
Avel,To pull away.
Avellane,In the form of four unhusked filberts; as  an avellane cross.
Ave Maria,Alt. of Ave Mary
Avenaceous,Belonging to  or resembling oats or the oat grasses.
Avenged,of Avenge
Avenging,of Avenge
Avengeance,Vengeance.
Avengeful,Vengeful.
Avengement,The inflicting of retributive punishment; satisfaction taken.
Avenger,One who avenges or vindicates; as  an avenger of blood.
Avengeress,A female avenger.
Avenious,Being without veins or nerves  as the leaves of certain plants.
Avenor,See Avener.
Avens,A plant of the genus Geum  esp. Geum urbanum or herb bennet.
Aventail,The movable front to a helmet; the ventail.
Aventre,To thrust forward (at a venture)  as a spear.
Aventure,Accident; chance; adventure.
Aver,A work horse  or working ox.
Averred,of Aver
Averring,of Aver
Averaged,of Average
Averaging,of Average
Avernal,Alt. of Avernian
Averpenny,Money paid by a tenant in lieu of the service of average.
Averroism,The tenets of the Averroists.
Averruncate,To avert; to ward off.
Averruncation,The act of averting.
Aversation,A turning from with dislike; aversion.
Averse,Turned away or backward.
Aversely,Backward; in a backward direction; as  emitted aversely.
Averseness,The quality of being averse; opposition of mind; unwillingness.
Aversion,A turning away.
Averted,of Avert
Averting,of Avert
Averter,One who  or that which averts.
Avertible,Capable of being averted; preventable.
Avertiment,Advertisement.
Aves,The class of Vertebrata that includes the birds.
Avesta,The Zoroastrian scriptures. See Zend-Avesta.
Avian,Of or instrument to birds.
Aviaries,of Aviary
Aviation,The art or science of flying.
Aviator,An experimenter in aviation.
Avicular,Of or pertaining to a bird or to birds.
Aviculture,Rearing and care of birds.
Avid,Longing eagerly for; eager; greedy.
Avidious,Avid.
Avidiously,Eagerly; greedily.
Avie,Emulously.
Avifauna,The birds  or all the kinds of birds inhabiting a region.
Avigato,See Avocado.
Avile,To abase or debase; to vilify; to depreciate.
Avis,Advice; opinion; deliberation.
Avise,To look at; to view; to think of.
Aviseful,Watchful; circumspect.
Avisely,Advisedly.
Avisement,Advisement; observation; deliberation.
Avision,Vision.
Aviso,Information; advice.
Avocat,An advocate.
Avocation,A calling away; a diversion.
Avocative,Calling off.
Avocet,Alt. of Avoset
Avoided,of Avoid
Avoiding,of Avoid
Avoid,To empty.
Avoidance,The act of annulling; annulment.
Avoidless,Unavoidable; inevitable.
Avoirdupois,Goods sold by weight.
Avoke,To call from or back again.
Avolate,To fly away; to escape; to exhale.
Avolation,The act of flying; flight; evaporation.
Avouched,of Avouch
Avouching,of Avouch
Avouch,To appeal to; to cite or claim as authority.
Avouchable,Capable of being avouched.
Avoucher,One who avouches.
Avouchment,The act of avouching; positive declaration.
Avoutrer,See Advoutrer.
Avoutrie,Adultery.
Avowed,of Avow
Avowing,of Avow
Avowable,Capable of being avowed  or openly acknowledged with confidence.
Avowance,Act of avowing; avowal.
Avower,One who avows or asserts.
Avowry,An advocate; a patron; a patron saint.
Avowtry,Adultery. See Advoutry.
Avulse,To pluck or pull off.
Avulsion,A tearing asunder; a forcible separation.
Avuncular,Of or pertaining to an uncle.
Awaited,of Await
Awaiting,of Await
Await,To watch for; to look out for.
Awoke,of Awake
Awaked,of Awake
Awaken,of Awake
Awoken,of Awake
Awaking,of Awake
Awake,To rouse from sleep; to wake; to awaken.
Awakened,of Awaken
Awakening,of Awaken
Awakener,One who  or that which awakens.
Awakenment,An awakening.
Awanting,Missing; wanting.
Awarded,of Award
Awarding,of Award
Awarn,To warn.
Away,From a place; hence.
Awayward,Turned away; away.
Awe,Dread; great fear mingled with respect.
Awed,of Awe
Awing,of Awe
Awearied,Wearied.
Aweary,Weary.
Aweless,See Awless.
Awesome,Causing awe; appalling; awful; as  an awesome sight.
Awesomeness,The quality of being awesome.
Awe-stricken,Awe-struck.
Awe-struck,Struck with awe.
Awhape,To confound; to terrify; to amaze.
Awhile,For a while; for some time; for a short time.
Awk,Odd; out of order; perverse.
Awkly,In an unlucky (left-handed) or perverse manner.
Awless,Wanting reverence; void of respectful fear.
Awlessness,The quality of being awless.
Awl-shaped,Shaped like an awl.
Awlwort,A plant (Subularia aquatica)  with awl-shaped leaves.
Awm,See Aam.
Awned,Furnished with an awn  or long bristle-shaped tip; bearded.
Awninged,Furnished with an awning.
Awnless,Without awns or beard.
Awny,Having awns; bearded.
Awork,At work; in action.
Aworking,At work; in action.
Awreak,Alt. of Awreke
Awreke,To avenge. [Obs.] See Wreak.
Awrong,Wrongly.
Awsome,Same as Awesome.
Ax,Alt. of Axe
Axal,[See Axial.]
Axeman,See Ax  Axman.
Axillae,of Axilla
Axillar,Axillary.
Axillaries,Alt. of Axillars
Axinomancy,A species of divination  by means of an ax or hatchet.
Axiomatic,Alt. of Axiomatical
Axiomatically,By the use of axioms; in the form of an axiom.
Axes,of Axis
Axle box,A bushing in the hub of a wheel  through which the axle passes.
Axled,Having an axle; -- used in composition.
Axmen,of Axman
Axman,One who wields an ax.
Axtree,Axle or axletree.
Ay,Ah! alas!
Ayah,A native nurse for children; also  a lady's maid.
Aye,Alt. of Ay
Ayegreen,The houseleek (Sempervivum tectorum).
Ayen,Alt. of Ayeins
Ayein,Alt. of Ayeins
Ayeins,Again; back against.
Ayenward,Backward.
Ayle,A grandfather.
Ayme,The utterance of the ejaculation Ay me ! [Obs.] See Ay  interj.
Ayond,Beyond.
Ayont,Beyond.
Ayrie,Alt. of Ayry
Ayry,See Aerie.
Azaleas,of Azalea
Azimuth,The quadrant of an azimuth circle.
Azimuthal,Of or pertaining to the azimuth; in a horizontal circle.
Azo-,A combining form of azote
Azonic,Confined to no zone or region; not local.
Azorian,Of or pertaining to the Azores.
Azote,Same as Nitrogen.
Azotized,of Azotize
Azotizing,of Azotize
Azotize,To impregnate with azote  or nitrogen; to nitrogenize.
Azotous,Nitrous; as  azotous acid.
Azured,Of an azure color; sky-blue.
Azureous,Of a fine blue color; azure.
Azurine,Azure.
Azurite,Blue carbonate of copper; blue malachite.
Azurn,Azure.
Azym,Alt. of Azyme
Azyme,Unleavened bread.
Azymic,Azymous.
Azymous,Unleavened; unfermented.
Ba,To kiss.
Baa,To cry baa  or bleat as a sheep.
Baas,of Baa
Baaing,The bleating of a sheep.
Baalim,of Baal
Baalism,Worship of Baal; idolatry.
Baalist,Alt. of Baalite
Baba,A kind of plum cake.
Babbitt,To line with Babbitt metal.
Babbled,of Babble
Babbling,of Babble
Babblement,Babble.
Babbler,An idle talker; an irrational prater; a teller of secrets.
Babblery,Babble.
Babe,An infant; a young child of either sex; a baby.
Babehood,Babyhood.
Babery,Finery of a kind to please a child.
Babian,Alt. of Babion
Babion,A baboon.
Babiroussa,Alt. of Babirussa
Babish,Like a babe; a childish; babyish.
Babist,A believer in Babism.
Baboo,Alt. of Babu
Baboonery,Baboonish behavior.
Baboonish,Like a baboon.
Babies,of Baby
Baby,An infant or young child of either sex; a babe.
Babied,of Baby
Babying,of Baby
Baby farmer,One who keeps a baby farm.
Baby farming,The business of keeping a baby farm.
Babyhood,The state or period of infancy.
Babyhouse,A place for children's dolls and dolls' furniture.
Babyish,Like a baby; childish; puerile; simple.
Babyism,The state of being a baby.
Babylonic,Alt. of Babylonical
Babylonish,Of or pertaining to  or made in Babylon or Babylonia.
Babyroussa,Alt. of Babyrussa
Babyrussa,See Babyroussa.
Babyship,The quality of being a baby; the personality of an infant.
Bac,A broad  flatbottomed ferryboat usually worked by a rope.
Baccara,Alt. of Baccarat
Baccarat,A French game of cards  played by a banker and punters.
Baccare,Alt. of Backare
Baccate,Pulpy throughout  like a berry; -- said of fruits.
Baccated,Having many berries.
Bacchanal,Relating to Bacchus or his festival.
Bacchanalia,A feast or an orgy in honor of Bacchus.
Bacchanalianism,The practice of bacchanalians; bacchanals; drunken revelry.
Bacchants,of Bacchant
Bacchantes,of Bacchant
Bacchant,A priest of Bacchus.
Bacchante,A priestess of Bacchus.
Bacchantic,Bacchanalian.
Bacchic,Alt. of Bacchical
Bacchii,of Bacchius
Bacchus,The god of wine  son of Jupiter and Semele.
Bacciferous,Producing berries.
Bacciform,Having the form of a berry.
Baccivorous,Eating  or subsisting on berries; as baccivorous birds.
Bace,a.  & v. See Base.
Bacharach,Alt. of Backarack
Backarack,A kind of wine made at Bacharach on the Rhine.
Bachelor,A man of any age who has not been married.
Bachelordom,The state of bachelorhood; the whole body of bachelors.
Bachelorhood,The state or condition of being a bachelor; bachelorship.
Bachelorship,The state of being a bachelor.
Bachelry,The body of young aspirants for knighthood.
Bacillar,Shaped like a rod or staff.
Bacillariae,See Diatom.
Bacillary,Of or pertaining to little rods; rod-shaped.
Bacilliform,Rod-shaped.
Bacilli,of Bacillus
Backed,of Back
Backing,of Back
Backbiter,One who backbites; a secret calumniator or detractor.
Backbiting,Secret slander; detraction.
Backboard,A board which supports the back wen one is sitting;
Backboned,Vertebrate.
Back door,A door in the back part of a building; hence  an indirect way.
Backdoor,Acting from behind and in concealment; as  backdoor intrigues.
Backdown,A receding or giving up; a complete surrender.
Backfall,A fall or throw on the back in wrestling.
Backfriend,A secret enemy.
Backhanded,With the hand turned backward; as  a backhanded blow.
Backhander,A backhanded blow.
Backless,Without a back.
Backlog,A large stick of wood  forming the back of a fire on the hearth.
Backpiece,Alt. of Backplate
Backrack,Alt. of Backrag
Backrag,See Bacharach.
Backs,Among leather dealers  the thickest and stoutest tanned hides.
Backset,A check; a relapse; a discouragement; a setback.
Backsettler,One living in the back or outlying districts of a community.
Backsheesh,Alt. of Backshish
Backshish,In Egypt and the Turkish empire  a gratuity; a tip.
Backside,The hinder part  posteriors or rump of a person or animal.
Backslid,of Backslide
Backslidden,of Backslide
Backsliding,of Backslide
Backslider,One who backslides.
Backstairs,Alt. of Backstair
Backster,A backer.
Backstress,A female baker.
Backsword,A sword with one sharp edge.
Backward,Alt. of Backwards
Backwards,With the back in advance or foremost; as  to ride backward.
Backwardly,Reluctantly; slowly; aversely.
Backwardness,The state of being backward.
Backwash,To clean the oil from (wood) after combing.
Backwoods,The forests or partly cleared grounds on the frontiers.
Backwoodsmen,of Backwoodsman
Backworm,A disease of hawks. See Filanders.
Baconian,Of or pertaining to Lord Bacon  or to his system of philosophy.
Bacteria,See Bacterium.
Bacterial,Of or pertaining to bacteria.
Bactericidal,Destructive of bacteria.
Bactericide,Same as Germicide.
Bacteriological,Of or pertaining to bacteriology; as  bacteriological studies.
Bacteriologist,One skilled in bacteriology.
Bacteriology,The science relating to bacteria.
Bacterioscopic,Relating to bacterioscopy; as  a bacterioscopic examination.
Bacterioscopist,One skilled in bacterioscopic examinations.
Bacteroid,Alt. of Bacteroidal
Bacteroidal,Resembling bacteria; as  bacteroid particles.
Bactrian,Of or pertaining to Bactria in Asia.
Bacule,See Bascule.
Baculine,Of or pertaining to the rod or punishment with the rod.
Baculometry,Measurement of distance or altitude by a staff or staffs.
Bad,Bade.
Badder,compar. of Bad  a.
Baddish,Somewhat bad; inferior.
Bade,A form of the pat tense of Bid.
Badgeless,Having no badge.
Badgered,of Badger
Badgering,of Badger
Badgerer,One who badgers.
Badinage,Playful raillery; banter.
Badminton,A game  similar to lawn tennis played with shuttlecocks.
Badness,The state of being bad.
Baenopod,One of the thoracic legs of Arthropods.
Baenosome,The thorax of Arthropods.
Baff,A blow; a stroke.
Baffled,of Baffle
Baffling,of Baffle
Baffler,One who  or that which baffles.
Baft,Same as Bafta.
Bagged,of Bag
Bagging,of Bag
Bagatelle,A trifle; a thing of no importance.
Baggage,The clothes  tents utensils and provisions of an army.
Baggager,One who takes care of baggage; a camp follower.
Baggily,In a loose  baggy way.
Bagmen,of Bagman
Bag net,A bag-shaped net for catching fish.
Bagpiper,One who plays on a bagpipe; a piper.
Baguet,Alt. of Baguette
Baguette,A small molding  like the astragal but smaller; a bead.
Bah,An exclamation expressive of extreme contempt.
Baigne,To soak or drench.
Bail,A bucket or scoop used in bailing water out of a boat.
Bailed,of Bail
Bailing,of Bail
Bailer,See Bailor.
Bailey,The outer wall of a feudal castle.
Bailiffwick,See Bailiwick.
Baillie,Bailiff.
Bailment,The action of bailing a person accused.
Bailor,One who delivers goods or money to another in trust.
Bain,A bath; a bagnio.
Bairn,A child.
Baisemains,Respects; compliments.
Baited,of Bait
Baiting,of Bait
Baiter,One who baits; a tormentor.
Baked,of Bake
Baking,of Bake
Bakehouse,A house for baking; a bakery.
Bakemeat,Alt. of Baked-meat
Baked-meat,A pie; baked food.
Baken,p. p. of Bake.
Baker,One whose business it is to bake bread  biscuit etc.
Baker-legged,Having legs that bend inward at the knees.
Bakery,The trade of a baker.
Bakingly,In a hot or baking manner.
Bakistre,A baker.
Baksheesh,Alt. of Bakshish
Bakshish,Same as Backsheesh.
Balance,An apparatus for weighing.
Balanced,of Balance
Balancing,of Balance
Balanceable,Such as can be balanced.
Balancer,One who balances  or uses a balance.
Balancereef,The last reef in a fore-and-aft sail  taken to steady the ship.
Balaniferous,Bearing or producing acorns.
Balanite,A fossil balanoid shell.
Balanoglossus,A peculiar marine worm. See Enteropneusta  and Tornaria.
Balbutiate,Alt. of Balbucinate
Balbucinate,To stammer.
Balcon,A balcony.
Balconied,Having balconies.
Balconies,of Balcony
Baldachin,A rich brocade; baudekin.
Balderdash,A worthless mixture  especially of liquors.
Bald-faced,Having a white face or a white mark on the face  as a stag.
Baldhead,A person whose head is bald.
Baldheaded,Having a bald head.
Baldly,Nakedly; without reserve; inelegantly.
Baldpate,A baldheaded person.
Baldpated,Destitute of hair on the head; baldheaded.
Baldwin,A kind of reddish  moderately acid winter apple.
Baled,of Bale
Baling,of Bale
Balefire,A signal fire; an alarm fire.
Baleful,Full of deadly or pernicious influence; destructive.
Balefully,In a baleful manner; perniciously.
Balefulness,The quality or state of being baleful.
Balisaur,A badgerlike animal of India (Arcionyx collaris).
Balister,A crossbow.
Balize,A pole or a frame raised as a sea beacon or a landmark.
Balked,of Balk
Balking,of Balk
Balker,One who  or that which balks.
Balkingly,In a manner to balk or frustrate.
Balkish,Uneven; ridgy.
Balky,Apt to balk; as  a balky horse.
Balled,of Ball
Balling,of Ball
Ballader,A writer of ballads.
Ballad monger,A seller or maker of ballads; a poetaster.
Balladry,Ballad poems; the subject or style of ballads.
Ballahoo,Alt. of Ballahou
Ballahou,A fast-sailing schooner  used in the Bermudas and West Indies.
Ballarag,To bully; to threaten.
Ballasted,of Ballast
Ballasting,of Ballast
Ballatry,See Balladry.
Ballist/,of Ballista
Ballister,A crossbow.
Ballium,See Bailey.
Ballooned,Swelled out like a balloon.
Ballooner,One who goes up in a balloon; an aeronaut.
Ballooning,The art or practice of managing balloons or voyaging in them.
Balloonist,An aeronaut.
Balloonry,The art or practice of ascending in a balloon; aeronautics.
Balloted,of Ballot
Balloting,of Ballot
Ballotation,Voting by ballot.
Balloter,One who votes by ballot.
Ballotin,An officer who has charge of a ballot box.
Ballow,A cudgel.
Ballproof,Incapable of being penetrated by balls from firearms.
Ballroom,A room for balls or dancing.
Balm,An aromatic plant of the genus Melissa.
Balmify,To render balmy.
Balmily,In a balmy manner.
Balmoral,A long woolen petticoat  worn immediately under the dress.
Balneal,Of or pertaining to a bath.
Balneary,A bathing room.
Balneation,The act of bathing.
Balneatory,Belonging to a bath.
Balneography,A description of baths.
Balneology,A treatise on baths; the science of bathing.
Balneotherapy,The treatment of disease by baths.
Balotade,See Ballotade.
Balsam,A resin containing more or less of an essential or volatile oil.
Balsamation,The act of imparting balsamic properties.
Balsamic,Alt. of Balsamical
Balsamiferous,Producing balsam.
Balsamine,The Impatiens balsamina  or garden balsam.
Balsamous,Having the quality of balsam; containing balsam.
Balter,To stick together.
Baltimore bird,Alt. of Baltimore oriole
Balustered,Having balusters.
Bam,An imposition; a cheat; a hoax.
Bamboozled,of Bamboozle
Bamboozling,of Bamboozle
Bamboozler,A swindler; one who deceives by trickery.
Banned,of Ban
Banning,of Ban
Banal,Commonplace; trivial; hackneyed; trite.
Banalities,of Banality
Banat,The territory governed by a ban.
Banc,Alt. of Bank
Bancus,Alt. of Bank
Banco,A bank  especially that of Venice.
Banded,of Band
Banding,of Band
Bandaged,of Bandage
Bandaging,of Bandage
Bandanna,Alt. of Bandana
Bandeaux,of Bandeau
Bandeau,A narrow band or fillet; a part of a head-dress.
Bandelet,Alt. of Bandlet
Bander,One banded with others.
Banderole,Alt. of Bandrol
Bandrol,A little banner  flag or streamer.
Band fish,A small red fish of the genus Cepola; the ribbon fish.
Bandits,of Bandit
Banditti,of Bandit
Bandit,An outlaw; a brigand.
Bandle,An Irish measure of two feet in length.
Bandmaster,The conductor of a musical band.
Bandoleer,Alt. of Bandolier
Bandoline,A glutinous pomatum for the fair.
Bandon,Disposal; control; license.
Bandy,A carriage or cart used in India  esp. one drawn by bullocks.
Bandies,of Bandy
Bandied,of Bandy
Bandying,of Bandy
Bandy-legged,Having crooked legs.
Bane,That which destroys life  esp. poison of a deadly quality.
Banewort,Deadly nightshade.
Banged,of Bang
Banging,of Bang
Bangue,See Bhang.
Bangle,To waste by little and little; to fritter away.
Banian,A Hindoo trader  merchant cashier or money changer.
Banished,of Banish
Banishing,of Banish
Banisher,One who banishes.
Banishment,The act of banishing  or the state of being banished.
Banked,of Bank
Banking,of Bank
Bankable,Receivable at a bank.
Bankeress,A female banker.
Bankrupted,of Bankrupt
Bankrupting,of Bankrupt
Bankruptcies,of Bankruptcy
Bankruptcy,The state of being actually or legally bankrupt.
Bankside,The slope of a bank  especially of the bank of a steam.
Bank swallow,See under 1st Bank  n.
Bannered,Furnished with  or bearing banners.
Bannition,The act of expulsion.
Banqueted,of Banquet
Banqueting,of Banquet
Banquetter,One who banquets; one who feasts or makes feasts.
Banshee,Alt. of Banshie
Banstickle,A small fish  the three-spined stickleback.
Bantam work,Carved and painted work in imitation of Japan ware.
Banteng,The wild ox of Java (Bibos Banteng).
Bantered,of Banter
Bantering,of Banter
Banterer,One who banters or rallies.
Banxring,An East Indian insectivorous mammal of the genus Tupaia.
Baptismal,Pertaining to baptism; as  baptismal vows.
Baptismally,In a baptismal manner.
Baptisteries,of Baptistry
#NAME?,of Baptistry
Baptistery,Alt. of Baptistry
Baptistic,Of or for baptism; baptismal.
Baptistical,Baptistic.
Baptizable,Capable of being baptized; fit to be baptized.
Baptization,Baptism.
Baptized,of Baptize
Baptizing,of Baptize
Baptize,To administer the sacrament of baptism to.
Baptizement,The act of baptizing.
Baptizer,One who baptizes.
Barred,of Bar
Barring,of Bar
Barb,Beard  or that which resembles it or grows in the place of it.
Barbed,of Barb
Barbing,of Barb
Barbacan,See Barbican.
Barbacanage,See Barbicanage.
Barbadian,Of or pertaining to Barbados.
Barbados,Alt. of Barbadoes
Barbaresque,Barbaric in form or style; as  barbaresque architecture.
Barbarian,A foreigner.
Barbarities,of Barbarity
Barbarity,The state or manner of a barbarian; lack of civilization.
Barbarized,of Barbarize
Barbarizing,of Barbarize
Barbarize,To become barbarous.
Barbarously,In a barbarous manner.
Barbarousness,The quality or state of being barbarous; barbarity; barbarism.
Barbastel,A European bat (Barbastellus communis)  with hairy lips.
Barbate,Bearded; beset with long and weak hairs.
Barbated,Having barbed points.
Barbecued,of Barbecue
Barbecuing,of Barbecue
Barbel,A slender tactile organ on the lips of certain fished.
Barbellate,Having short  stiff hairs often barbed at the point.
Barbellulate,Barbellate with diminutive hairs or barbs.
Barbered,of Barber
Barbering,of Barber
Barber fish,See Surgeon fish.
Barbermonger,A fop.
Barbet,A variety of small dog  having long curly hair.
Barbican,Alt. of Barbacan
Barbicanage,Alt. of Barbacanage
Barbicel,One of the small hooklike processes on the barbules of feathers.
Barbigerous,Having a beard; bearded; hairy.
Barbiton,An ancient Greek instrument resembling a lyre.
Barble,See Barbel.
Barbotine,A paste of clay used in decorating coarse pottery in relief.
Barbre,Barbarian.
Barbule,A very minute barb or beard.
Barcarolle,A popular song or melody sung by Venetian gondoliers.
Barcon,A vessel for freight; -- used in Mediterranean.
Barded,Accoutered with defensive armor; -- said of a horse.
Bardic,Of or pertaining to bards  or their poetry.
Bardish,Pertaining to  or written by a bard or bards.
Bardism,The system of bards; the learning and maxims of bards.
Bardling,An inferior bard.
Bardship,The state of being a bard.
Bared,of Bare
Baring,of Bare
Barebacked,Having the back uncovered; as  a barebacked horse.
Barebone,A very lean person; one whose bones show through the skin.
Barefaced,With the face uncovered; not masked.
Barefacedly,Openly; shamelessly.
Barefoot,With the feet bare; without shoes or stockings.
Barefooted,Having the feet bare.
Barehanded,Having bare hands.
Bareheaded,Alt. of Barehead
Barehead,Having the head uncovered; as  a bareheaded girl.
Barelegged,Having the legs bare.
Barely,Without covering; nakedly.
Barenecked,Having the neck bare.
Bareness,The state of being bare.
Barfish,Same as Calico bass.
Barful,Full of obstructions.
Bargained,of Bargain
Bargaining,of Bargain
Bargainer,One who makes a bargain; -- sometimes in the sense of bargainor.
Bargeboard,A vergeboard.
Bargee,A bargeman.
Bargeman,The man who manages a barge  or one of the crew of a barge.
Barger,The manager of a barge.
Barghest,A goblin  in the shape of a large dog portending misfortune.
Baria,Baryta.
Baric,Of or pertaining to barium; as  baric oxide.
Barillet,A little cask  or something resembling one.
Bar iron,See under Iron.
Baritone,See Barytone.
Barked,of Bark
Barking,of Bark
Bark,To strip the bark from; to peel.
Barkantine,Same as Barkentine.
Barkbound,Prevented from growing  by having the bark too firm or close.
Barkeeper,One who keeps or tends a bar for the sale of liquors.
Barken,Made of bark.
Barker,An animal that barks; hence  any one who clamors unreasonably.
Barkery,A tanhouse.
Barking irons,Instruments used in taking off the bark of trees.
Barkless,Destitute of bark.
Barky,Covered with  or containing bark.
Barleybrake,Alt. of Barleybreak
Barley-bree,Liquor made from barley; strong ale.
Barleycorn,A grain or corn of barley.
Barmcloth,Apron.
Barmecidal,Unreal; illusory.
Barnabite,A member of a religious order  named from St. Barnabas.
Barnyard,A yard belonging to a barn.
Barocco,See Baroque.
Barology,The science of weight or gravity.
Barometric,Alt. of Barometrical
Barometry,The art or process of making barometrical measurements.
Baronage,The whole body of barons or peers.
Baronetage,State or rank of a baronet.
Baronetcy,The rank or patent of a baronet.
Baronial,Pertaining to a baron or a barony.
Baronies,of Barony
Baroque,In bad taste; grotesque; odd.
Baroscopic,Alt. of Baroscopical
Baroscopical,Pertaining to  or determined by the baroscope.
Barouchet,A kind of light barouche.
Barraclade,A home-made woolen blanket without nap.
Barracuda,Alt. of Barracouata
Barranca,A ravine caused by heavy rains or a watercourse.
Barras,A resin  called also galipot.
Barrator,One guilty of barratry.
Barratrous,Tainter with  or constituting barratry.
Barratry,The practice of exciting and encouraging lawsuits and quarrels.
Barreled,of Barrel
Barrelled,of Barrel
Barreling,of Barrel
Barrelling,of Barrel
Barrenly,Unfruitfully; unproductively.
Barrenness,The condition of being barren; sterility; unproductiveness.
Barricaded,of Barricade
Barricading,of Barricade
Barricader,One who constructs barricades.
Barricado,See Barricade.
Barroom,A room containing a bar or counter at which liquors are sold.
Barrulet,A diminutive of the bar  having one fourth its width.
Barruly,Traversed by barrulets or small bars; -- said of the field.
Barry,Divided into bars; -- said of the field.
Barse,The common perch. See 1st Bass.
Bartender,A barkeeper.
Bartered,of Barter
Bartering,of Barter
Barterer,One who barters.
Bartery,Barter.
Barth,A place of shelter for cattle.
Bartholomew tide,Time of the festival of St. Bartholomew  August 24th.
Barton,The demesne lands of a manor; also  the manor itself.
Bartram,See Bertram.
Barwise,Horizontally.
Baryphony,Difficulty of speech.
Barytic,Of or pertaining to baryta.
Barytone,Alt. of Baritone
Barytum,The metal barium. See Barium.
Basal,Relating to  or forming the base.
Basal-nerved,Having the nerves radiating from the base; -- said of leaves.
Basaltiform,In the form of basalt; columnar.
Basaltoid,Formed like basalt; basaltiform.
Basan,Same as Basil  a sheepskin.
Basbleu,A bluestocking; a literary woman.
Bascinet,A light helmet  at first open but later made with a visor.
Based,of Base
Basing,of Base
Baseborn,Born out of wedlock.
Baselard,A short sword or dagger  worn in the fifteenth century.
Baseless,Without a base; having no foundation or support.
Baseness,The quality or condition of being base; degradation; vileness.
Basenet,See Bascinet.
Base viol,See Bass viol.
Bashaw,A Turkish title of honor  now written pasha. See Pasha.
Bashful,Abashed; daunted; dismayed.
Bashfully,In a bashful manner.
Bashfulness,The quality of being bashful.
Bashi-bazouk,A soldier belonging to the irregular troops of the Turkish army.
Bashless,Shameless; unblushing.
Bashyle,See Basyle.
Basic,Relating to a base; performing the office of a base in a salt.
Basicerite,The second joint of the antennae of crustaceans.
Basicity,The quality or state of being a base.
Basidiospore,A spore borne by a basidium.
Basifier,That which converts into a salifiable base.
Basify,To convert into a salifiable base.
Basihyoid,The central tongue bone.
Basiled,of Basil
Basiling,of Basil
Basilar,Alt. of Basilary
Basilary,Relating to  or situated at the base.
Basilic,Basilica.
Basilical,Royal; kingly; also  basilican.
Basilicas,of Basilica
Basilic/,of Basilica
Basilican,Of  relating to or resembling a basilica; basilical.
Basilicok,The basilisk.
Basined,Inclosed in a basin.
Basinet,Same as Bascinet.
Basipodite,The basal joint of the legs of Crustacea.
Basipterygoid,Applied to a protuberance of the base of the sphenoid bone.
Bases,of Basis
Basis,The foundation of anything; that on which a thing rests.
Basisolute,Prolonged at the base  as certain leaves.
Basisphenoid,Alt. of Basisphenoidal
Basked,of Bask
Basking,of Bask
Bask,To lie in warmth; to be exposed to genial heat.
Basketfuls,of Basketful
Basketful,As much as a basket will contain.
Basketry,The art of making baskets; also  baskets taken collectively.
Basnet,Same as Bascinet.
Bason,A basin.
Basque,Pertaining to Biscay  its people or their language.
Basquish,Pertaining to the country  people or language of Biscay; Basque
Bass,of Bass
Basses,of Bass
Bassa,Alt. of Bassaw
Bassaw,See Bashaw.
Basseted,of Basset
Basseting,of Basset
Bassetto,A tenor or small bass viol.
Bass horn,A modification of the bassoon  much deeper in tone.
Basso,The bass or lowest part; as  to sing basso.
Bassock,A hassock. See 2d Bass  2.
Bassoonist,A performer on the bassoon.
Basso-rilievo,Alt. of Basso-relievo
Basso-relievo,Same as Bas-relief.
Bass-relief,Some as Bas-relief.
Basta,Enough; stop.
Bastardism,The state of being a bastard; bastardy.
Bastardized,of Bastardize
Bastardizing,of Bastardize
Bastardly,Bastardlike; baseborn; spurious; corrupt.
Bastardy,The state of being a bastard; illegitimacy.
Basted,of Baste
Basting,of Baste
Baste,To beat with a stick; to cudgel.
Bastinade,See Bastinado  n.
Bastinadoes,of Bastinado
Bastinado,A blow with a stick or cudgel.
Bastinadoing,of Bastinado
Bastioned,Furnished with a bastion; having bastions.
Basto,The ace of clubs in quadrille and omber.
Baston,A staff or cudgel.
Batted,of Bat
Batting,of Bat
Batable,Disputable.
Batailled,Embattled.
Batardeau,A cofferdam.
Batatas,Alt. of Batata
Batch,The quantity of bread baked at one time.
Bate,Strife; contention.
Bated,of Bate
Bating,of Bate
Bateaux,of Bateau
Bateful,Exciting contention; contentious.
Bateless,Not to be abated.
Batement,Abatement; diminution.
Batfowler,One who practices or finds sport in batfowling.
Batful,Rich; fertile.
Baths,of Bath
Bathed,of Bathe
Bathing,of Bathe
Bathe,To wash by immersion  as in a bath; to subject to a bath.
Bather,One who bathes.
Bathetic,Having the character of bathos.
Bathmism,See Vital force.
Bathorse,A horse which carries an officer's baggage during a campaign.
Bathymetric,Alt. of Bathymetrical
Bathymetry,The art or science of sounding  or measuring depths in the sea.
Batmen,of Batman
Batoidei,The division of fishes which includes the rays and skates.
Batoon,See Baton  and Baston.
Bat printing,A mode of printing on glazed ware.
Batrachian,Pertaining to the Batrachia.
Batrachophagous,Feeding on frogs.
Batsmen,of Batsman
Batsman,The one who wields the bat in cricket  baseball etc.
Bat's-wing,Alt. of Batwing
Batwing,Shaped like a bat's wing; as  a bat's-wing burner.
Battable,Capable of cultivation; fertile; productive; fattening.
Battailant,Prepared for battle; combatant; warlike.
Battailous,Arrayed for battle; fit or eager for battle; warlike.
Batteler,Alt. of Battler
Battened,of Batten
Battening,of Batten
Batten,To make fat by plenteous feeding; to fatten.
Battered,of Batter
Battering,of Batter
Batterer,One who  or that which batters.
Battering train,A train of artillery for siege operations.
Batteries,of Battery
Battery,The act of battering or beating.
Battle,Fertile. See Battel  a.
Battled,of Battle
Battling,of Battle
Battle-ax,Alt. of Battle-axe
Battle-axe,A kind of broadax formerly used as an offensive weapon.
Battlemented,Having battlements.
Battologist,One who battologizes.
Battologize,To keep repeating needlessly; to iterate.
Battology,A needless repetition of words in speaking or writing.
Batton,See Batten  and Baton.
Battue,The act of beating the woods  bushes etc. for game.
Batture,An elevated river bed or sea bed.
Battuta,The measuring of time by beating.
Batty,Belonging to  or resembling a bat.
Batzen,of Batz
Baubee,Same as Bawbee.
Baubling,See Bawbling.
Baudrick,A belt. See Baldric.
Bauk,Alt. of Baulk
Baulk,See Balk.
Bauxite,Alt. of Beauxite
Bavarian,Of or pertaining to Bavaria.
Bavaroy,A kind of cloak or surtout.
Bavian,A baboon.
Bawbee,A halfpenny.
Bawble,A trinket. See Bauble.
Bawbling,Insignificant; contemptible.
Bawcock,A fine fellow; -- a term of endearment.
Bawdily,Obscenely; lewdly.
Bawdiness,Obscenity; lewdness.
Bawdrick,A belt. See Baldric.
Bawdry,The practice of procuring women for the gratification of lust.
Bawdy,Dirty; foul; -- said of clothes.
Bawdyhouse,A house of prostitution; a house of ill fame; a brothel.
Bawhorse,Same as Bathorse.
Bawled,of Bawl
Bawling,of Bawl
Bawler,One who bawls.
Bawrel,A kind of hawk.
Bawsin,Alt. of Bawson
Bawson,A badger.
Baxter,A baker; originally  a female baker.
Bayed,of Bay
Baying,of Bay
Baya,The East Indian weaver bird (Ploceus Philippinus).
Bayad,Alt. of Bayatte
Bayadere,A female dancer in the East Indies.
Bay-antler,The second tine of a stag's horn. See under Antler.
Bayardly,Blind; stupid.
Bayberry,The fruit of the bay tree or Laurus nobilis.
Baybolt,A bolt with a barbed shank.
Bay ice,See under Ice.
Bay leaf,See under 3d Bay.
Bayoneted,of Bayonet
Bayoneting,of Bayonet
Bayous,of Bayou
Bay rum,A fragrant liquid  used for cosmetic and medicinal purposes.
Bays,Alt. of Bayze
Bayze,See Baize.
Bay tree,A species of laurel. (Laurus nobilis).
Bay yarn,Woolen yarn.
Bazaar,Alt. of Bazar
Bdelloidea,The order of Annulata which includes the leeches. See Hirudinea.
Was,of Be
Been,of Be
Being,of Be
Be,To exist actually  or in the world of fact; to have ex/stence.
Be-,A prefix  originally the same word as by;
Beaches,of Beach
Beach,Pebbles  collectively; shingle.
Beached,of Beach
Beaching,of Beach
Beach comber,A long  curling wave rolling in from the ocean. See Comber.
Beaconed,of Beacon
Beaconing,of Beacon
Beaconless,Having no beacon.
Bead,A prayer.
Beaded,of Bead
Beading,of Bead
Beadhouse,Alt. of Bedehouse
Beadlery,Office or jurisdiction of a beadle.
Beadleship,The state of being  or the personality of a beadle.
Beadsman,Alt. of Bedesman
Beadswoman,Alt. of Bedeswoman
Bedeswoman,Fem. of Beadsman.
Beadwork,Ornamental work in beads.
Beady,Resembling beads; small  round and glistening.
Beaked,Having a beak or a beaklike point; beak-shaped.
Bealed,of Beal
Bealing,of Beal
Beal,To gather matter; to swell and come to a head  as a pimple.
Be-all,The whole; all that is to be.
Beamed,of Beam
Beaming,of Beam
Beamful,Beamy; radiant.
Beamily,In a beaming manner.
Beaminess,The state of being beamy.
Beamingly,In a beaming manner; radiantly.
Beamless,Not having a beam.
Beamlet,A small beam of light.
Beam tree,A tree (Pyrus aria) related to the apple.
Beamy,Emitting beams of light; radiant; shining.
Bore,of Bear
Born,of Bear
Borne,of Bear
Bearing,of Bear
Bear,To support or sustain; to hold up.
Bearable,Capable of being borne or endured; tolerable.
Bearbind,The bindweed (Convolvulus arvensis).
Bearded,of Beard
Bearding,of Beard
Beardie,The bearded loach (Nemachilus barbatus) of Europe.
Beardlessness,The state or quality of being destitute of beard.
Bearer,One who  or that which bears sustains or carries.
Bearherd,A man who tends a bear.
Bearhound,A hound for baiting or hunting bears.
Bearishness,Behavior like that of a bear.
Bearn,See Bairn.
Bear's-breech,See Acanthus  n. 1.
Bearskin,The skin of a bear.
Bearward,A keeper of bears. See Bearherd.
Beast,Any living creature; an animal; -- including man  insects etc.
Beasthood,State or nature of a beast.
Beastings,See Biestings.
Beastlihead,Beastliness.
Beastlike,Like a beast.
Beastliness,The state or quality of being beastly.
Beastly,Pertaining to  or having the form nature or habits of a beast.
Beat,of Beat
Beaten,of Beat
Beating,of Beat
Beater,One who  or that which beats.
Beath,To bathe; also  to dry or heat as unseasoned wood.
Beatific,Alt. of Beatifical
Beatificate,To beatify.
Beatified,of Beatify
Beatifying,of Beatify
Beatitude,Felicity of the highest kind; consummate bliss.
Beaux,of Beau
Beaus,of Beau
Beaucatcher,A small flat curl worn on the temple by women.
Beaufin,See Biffin.
Beauish,Like a beau; characteristic of a beau; foppish; fine.
Beau monde,The fashionable world; people of fashion and gayety.
Beaupere,A father.
Beauseant,The black and white standard of the Knights Templars.
Beauship,The state of being a beau; the personality of a beau.
Beauteous,Full of beauty; beautiful; very handsome.
Beautied,Beautiful; embellished.
Beautifier,One who  or that which beautifies or makes beautiful.
Beautified,of Beautify
Beautifying,of Beautify
Beautiless,Destitute of beauty.
Beautie,of Beauty
Beaver,An amphibious rodent  of the genus Castor.
Beavered,Covered with  or wearing a beaver or hat.
Bebeerine,Alt. of Bebirine
Bebleed,To make bloody; to stain with blood.
Beblood,Alt. of Bebloody
Bebloody,To make bloody; to stain with blood.
Beblot,To blot; to stain.
Becalmed,of Becalm
Becalming,of Becalm
Becalm,To render calm or quiet; to calm; to still; to appease.
Became,imp. of Become.
Beccabunga,See Brooklime.
Beccaficos,of Beccafico
Bechamel,A rich  white sauce prepared with butter and cream.
Bechance,By chance; by accident.
Becharm,To charm; to captivate.
Beche de mer,The trepang.
Bechic,Pertaining to  or relieving a cough.
Beck,See Beak.
Becked,of Beck
Becking,of Beck
Beckoned,of Beckon
Beckoning,of Beckon
Beclap,To catch; to grasp; to insnare.
Beclipped,of Beclip
Beclip,To embrace; to surround.
Beclouded,of Becloud
Beclouding,of Becloud
Becloud,To cause obscurity or dimness to; to dim; to cloud.
Become,of Become
Becoming,of Become
Becomed,Proper; decorous.
Becomingly,In a becoming manner.
Becripple,To make a cripple of; to cripple; to lame.
Becuna,A fish of the Mediterranean (Sphyraena spet). See Barracuda.
Becurl,To curl; to adorn with curls.
Bedded,of Bed
Bedding,of Bed
Bedabbled,of Bedabble
Bedabbling,of Bedabble
Bedabble,To dabble; to sprinkle or wet.
Bedaff,To make a daff or fool of.
Bedagat,The sacred books of the Buddhists in Burmah.
Bedaggle,To daggle.
Bedashed,of Bedash
Bedashing,of Bedash
Bedaubed,of Bedaub
Bedaubing,of Bedaub
Bedaub,To daub over; to besmear or soil with anything thick and dirty.
Bedazzled,of Bedazzle
Bedazzling,of Bedazzle
Bedazzle,To dazzle or make dim by a strong light.
Bedchamber,A chamber for a bed; an apartment form sleeping in.
Bedclothes,Blankets  sheets coverlets etc. for a bed.
Bede,To pray; also  to offer; to proffer.
Bedecked,of Bedeck
Bedecking,of Bedeck
Bedeck,To deck  ornament or adorn; to grace.
Bedeguar,Alt. of Bedegar
Bedel,Alt. of Bedell
Bedell,Same as Beadle.
Bedelry,Beadleship.
Bedevilled,of Bedevil
Bedeviling,of Bedevil
Bedevilling,of Bedevil
Bedewed,of Bedew
Bedewing,of Bedew
Bedew,To moisten with dew  or as with dew.
Bedewer,One who  or that which bedews.
Bedewy,Moist with dew; dewy.
Bedfere Bedphere,A bedfellow.
Bedgown,A nightgown.
Bedight,of Bedight
Bedighted,of Bedight
Bedimmed,of Bedim
Bedimming,of Bedim
Bedim,To make dim; to obscure or darken.
Bedizen,To dress or adorn tawdrily or with false taste.
Bedkey,An instrument for tightening the parts of a bedstead.
Bedlamite,An inhabitant of a madhouse; a madman.
Bedmaker,One who makes beds.
Bed-molding,Alt. of Bed-moulding
Bed-moulding,The molding of a cornice immediately below the corona.
Bedote,To cause to dote; to deceive.
Bedpan,A pan for warming beds.
Bedphere,See Bedfere.
Bedpiece,Alt. of Bedplate
Bedquilt,A quilt for a bed; a coverlet.
Bedrabble,To befoul with rain and mud; to drabble.
Bedraggled,of Bedraggle
Bedraggling,of Bedraggle
Bedrenched,of Bedrench
Bedrenching,of Bedrench
Bedrench,To drench; to saturate with moisture; to soak.
Bedribble,To dribble upon.
Bedrid,Alt. of Bedridden
Bedridden,Confined to the bed by sickness or infirmity.
Bedright Bedrite,The duty or privilege of the marriage bed.
Bedrizzle,To drizzle upon.
Bed rock,The solid rock underlying superficial formations. Also Fig.
Bedroom,A room or apartment intended or used for a bed; a lodging room.
Bedrop,To sprinkle  as with drops.
Bedrug,To drug abundantly or excessively.
Bedside,The side of a bed.
Bedsite,A recess in a room for a bed.
Bedspread,A bedquilt; a counterpane; a coverlet.
Bedstaves,of Bedstaff
Bedstead,A framework for supporting a bed.
Bed steps,Steps for mounting a bed of unusual height.
Bedstock,The front or the back part of the frame of a bedstead.
Bedstraw,Straw put into a bed.
Bedswerver,One who swerves from and is unfaithful to the marriage vow.
Bedtime,The time to go to bed.
Beducked,of Beduck
Beduck,To duck; to put the head under water; to immerse.
Beduin,See Bedouin.
Bedunged,of Bedung
Bedust,To sprinkle  soil or cover with dust.
Bedward,Towards bed.
Bedwarfed,of Bedwarf
Bedwarf,To make a dwarf of; to stunt or hinder the growth of; to dwarf.
Bedyed,of Bedye
Bedyeing,of Bedye
Bedye,To dye or stain.
Bee,p. p. of Be; -- used for been.
Beeches,of Beech
Beech,A tree of the genus Fagus.
Beechnut,The nut of the beech tree.
Beech tree,The beech.
Beechy,Of or relating to beeches.
Beefeater,One who eats beef; hence  a large fleshy person.
Beef-witted,Stupid; dull.
Beehive,A hive for a swarm of bees. Also used figuratively.
Beehouse,A house for bees; an apiary.
Bee larkspur,(Bot.) See Larkspur.
Beeld,Same as Beild.
Beem,A trumpet.
Beemaster,One who keeps bees.
Beeregar,Sour beer.
Beerhouse,A house where malt liquors are sold; an alehouse.
Beeriness,Beery condition.
Beery,Of or resembling beer; affected by beer; maudlin.
Beestings,Same as Biestings.
Beete,Alt. of Bete
Bete,To mend; to repair.
Beetle,A heavy mallet  used to drive wedges beat pavements etc.
Beetled,of Beetle
Beetling,of Beetle
Beetle brow,An overhanging brow.
Beetle-browed,Having prominent  overhanging brows; hence lowering or sullen.
Beetlehead,A stupid fellow; a blockhead.
Beetle-headed,Dull; stupid.
Beetlestock,The handle of a beetle.
Beet radish,Same as Beetrave.
Beetrave,The common beet (Beta vulgaris).
Beeve,A beef; a beef creature.
Beeves,plural of Beef  the animal.
Befell,of Befall
Befallen,of Befall
Befalling,of Befall
Befall,To happen to.
Befitted,of Befit
Befitting,of Befit
Befit,To be suitable to; to suit; to become.
Befittingly,In a befitting manner; suitably.
Beflatter,To flatter excessively.
Beflower,To besprinkle or scatter over with  or as with flowers.
Befogged,of Befog
Befogging,of Befog
Befog,To involve in a fog; -- mostly as a participle or part. adj.
Befooled,of Befool
Befooling,of Befool
Befool,To fool; to delude or lead into error; to infatuate; to deceive.
Beforetime,Formerly; aforetime.
Befortune,To befall.
Befouled,of Befoul
Befouling,of Befoul
Befoul,To make foul; to soil.
Befriended,of Befriend
Befriending,of Befriend
Befriend,To act as a friend to; to favor; to aid  benefit or countenance.
Befriendment,Act of befriending.
Befrill,To furnish or deck with a frill.
Befuddled,of Befuddle
Befuddle,To becloud and confuse  as with liquor.
Begged,of Beg
Begging,of Beg
Bega,See Bigha.
Begemmed,of Begem
Begemming,of Begem
Begem,To adorn with gems  or as with gems.
Begot,of Beget
Begat,of Beget
Begotten,of Beget
Begetting,of Beget
Begetter,One who begets; a father.
Beggable,Capable of being begged.
Beggared,of Beggar
Beggaring,of Beggar
Beggarhood,The condition of being a beggar; also  the class of beggars.
Beggarism,Beggary.
Beggarliness,The quality or state of being beggarly; meanness.
Beggestere,A beggar.
Beghard,Alt. of Beguard
Begilded,of Begild
Begilt,of Begild
Begild,To gild.
Began,of Begin
Begun,of Begin
Beginning,of Begin
Begirt,of Begird
Begirded,of Begird
Begirding,of Begird
Begird,To bind with a band or girdle; to gird.
Begirdle,To surround as with a girdle.
Begnawed,of Begnaw
Begnawn,of Begnaw
Begnaw,To gnaw; to eat away; to corrode.
Begodded,of Begod
Begod,To exalt to the dignity of a god; to deify.
Begone,Go away; depart; get you gone.
Begore,To besmear with gore.
Begrave,To bury; also  to engrave.
Begrease,To soil or daub with grease or other oily matter.
Begrimed,of Begrime
Begriming,of Begrime
Begrime,To soil with grime or dirt deeply impressed or rubbed in.
Begrimer,One who  or that which begrimes.
Begrudged,of Begrudge
Begrudging,of Begrudge
Begrudge,To grudge; to envy the possession of.
Beguiled,of Beguile
Beguiling,of Beguile
Beguilement,The act of beguiling  or the state of being beguiled.
Beguiler,One who  or that which beguiles.
Beguin,See Beghard.
Begum,In the East Indies  a princess or lady of high rank.
Behappen,To happen to.
Behaved,of Behave
Behaving,of Behave
Beheaded,of Behead
Beheading,of Behead
Behead,To sever the head from; to take off the head of.
Beheadal,Beheading.
Beheld,imp. & p. p. of Behold.
Behemoth,An animal  probably the hippopotamus described in Job xl. 15-24.
Behen,Alt. of Behn
Behn,The Centaurea behen  or saw-leaved centaury.
Behete,See Behight.
Behight,of Behight
Behoten,of Behight
Behither,On this side of.
Beholden,of Behold
Beholding,of Behold
Beholder,One who beholds; a spectator.
Beholdingness,The state of being obliged or beholden.
Behoof,Advantage; profit; benefit; interest; use.
Behoovable,Supplying need; profitable; advantageous.
Behooved,of Behoove
Behooving,of Behoove
Behooveful,Advantageous; useful; profitable.
Behove,and derivatives. See Behoove  &c.
Behovely,Useful  or usefully.
Behowl,To howl at.
Beige,Debeige.
Beild,A place of shelter; protection; refuge.
Bejade,To jade or tire.
Bejape,To jape; to laugh at; to deceive.
Bejaundice,To infect with jaundice.
Bejeweled,of Bejewel
Bejewelled,of Bejewel
Bejeweling,of Bejewel
Bejewelling,of Bejewel
Bejewel,To ornament with a jewel or with jewels; to spangle.
Bejumble,To jumble together.
Bekah,Half a shekel.
Beknave,To call knave.
Beknow,To confess; to acknowledge.
Belabored,of Belabor
Belaboring,of Belabor
Belabor,To ply diligently; to work carefully upon.
Bel-accoyle,A kind or favorable reception or salutation.
Belaced,of Belace
Belace,To fasten  as with a lace or cord.
Belam,To beat or bang.
Belamour,A lover.
Belamy,Good friend; dear friend.
Belated,of Belate
Belating,of Belate
Belate,To retard or make too late.
Belaud,To laud or praise greatly.
Belaid,of Belay
Belayed,of Belay
Belaying,of Belay
Belay,To lay on or cover; to adorn.
Belched,of Belch
Belching,of Belch
Belch,To eject or throw up from the stomach with violence; to eruct.
Belcher,One who  or that which belches.
Beldam,Alt. of Beldame
Beldame,Grandmother; -- corresponding to belsire.
Beleaguered,of Beleaguer
Beleaguering,of Beleaguer
Beleaguerer,One who beleaguers.
Beleft,of Beleave
Beleave,To leave or to be left.
Belectured,of Belecture
Belecturing,of Belecture
Belecture,To vex with lectures; to lecture frequently.
Belee,To place under the lee  or unfavorably to the wind.
Belepered,of Beleper
Beleper,To infect with leprosy.
Bel-esprit,A fine genius  or man of wit.
Belgard,A sweet or loving look.
Belgian,Of or pertaining to Belgium.
Belibel,To libel or traduce; to calumniate.
Belied,of Belie
Belying,of Belie
Belie,To show to be false; to convict of  or charge with falsehood.
Beliefful,Having belief or faith.
Believable,Capable of being believed; credible.
Believed,of Believe
Believing,of Believe
Belight,To illuminate.
Belike,It is likely or probably; perhaps.
Belimed,of Belime
Belime,To besmear or insnare with birdlime.
Belittled,of Belittle
Belittling,of Belittle
Belive,Forthwith; speedily; quickly.
Belk,To vomit.
Belled,of Bell
Belling,of Bell
Belle-lettrist,One versed in belles-lettres.
Belletristic,Alt. of Belletristical
Belletristical,Occupied with  or pertaining to belles-lettres.
Bell-faced,Having the striking surface convex; -- said of hammers.
Bellibone,A woman excelling both in beauty and goodness; a fair maid.
Bellic,Alt. of Bellical
Bellical,Of or pertaining to war; warlike; martial.
Bellicose,Inclined to war or contention; warlike; pugnacious.
Bellicosely,In a bellicose manner.
Bellicous,Bellicose.
Belligerence,Alt. of Belligerency
Belligerent,Waging war; carrying on war.
Belligerently,In a belligerent manner; hostilely.
Bellipotent,Mighty in war; armipotent.
Bell-mouthed,Expanding at the mouth; as  a bell-mouthed gun.
Bellon,Lead colic.
Bellona,The goddess of war.
Bellowed,of Bellow
Bellowing,of Bellow
Bellow,To make a hollow  loud noise as an enraged bull.
Bellower,One who  or that which bellows.
Bell-shaped,Having the shape of a wide-mouthed bell; campanulate.
Belluine,Pertaining to  or like a beast; brutal.
Bellwort,A genus of plants (Uvularia) with yellowish bell-shaped flowers.
Bellies,of Belly
Bellying,of Belly
Bellyache,Pain in the bowels; colic.
Bellybound,Costive; constipated.
Bellycheat,An apron or covering for the front of the person.
Bellycheer,Good cheer; viands.
Belly-pinched,Pinched with hunger; starved.
Belocked,of Belock
Belock,To lock  or fasten as with a lock.
Belonged,of Belong
Belonging,of Belong
Belong,To be the property of; as  Jamaica belongs to Great Britain.
Belooche Beloochee,Of or pertaining to Beloochistan  or to its inhabitants.
Belord,To act the lord over.
Beloved,of Belove
Belove,To love.
Belowt,To treat as a lout; to talk abusively to.
Belsire,A grandfather  or ancestor.
Belswagger,A lewd man; also  a bully.
Belted,of Belt
Belting,of Belt
Beltane,The first day of May (Old Style).
Beltein,Alt. of Beltin
Beltin,See Beltane.
Beluga,A cetacean allied to the dolphins.
Beluted,of Belute
Beluting,of Belute
Belute,To bespatter  as with mud.
Belzebuth,A spider monkey (Ateles belzebuth) of Brazil.
Bema,A platform from which speakers addressed an assembly.
Bemad,To make mad.
Bemangle,To mangle; to tear asunder.
Bemask,To mask; to conceal.
Bemaster,To master thoroughly.
Bemaul,To maul or beat severely; to bruise.
Bemaze,To bewilder.
Bemean,To make mean; to lower.
Bemet,of Bemeet
Bemeeting,of Bemeet
Bemeet,To meet.
Bemete,To mete.
Bemingle,To mingle; to mix.
Bemired,of Bemire
Bemiring,of Bemire
Bemist,To envelop in mist.
Bemoaned,of Bemoan
Bemoaning,of Bemoan
Bemoaner,One who bemoans.
Bemock,To mock; to ridicule.
Bemoil,To soil or encumber with mire and dirt.
Bemol,The sign /; the same as B flat.
Bemonster,To make monstrous or like a monster.
Bemourn,To mourn over.
Bemuddle,To muddle; to stupefy or bewilder; to confuse.
Bemuffle,To cover as with a muffler; to wrap up.
Bemuse,To muddle  daze or partially stupefy as with liquor.
Ben,Alt. of Ben nut
Benamed,of Bename
Benempt,of Bename
Bename,To promise; to name.
Benches,of Bench
Bench,A long seat  differing from a stool in its greater length.
Benched,of Bench
Benching,of Bench
Bencher,One of the senior and governing members of an Inn of Court.
Bended,of Bend
Bent,of Bend
Bending,of Bend
Bendable,Capable of being bent.
Bender,One who  or that which bends.
Bendlet,A narrow bend  esp. one half the width of the bend.
Bendwise,Diagonally.
Bene,See Benne.
Beneaped,See Neaped.
Benedict,Alt. of Benedick
Benedick,A married man  or a man newly married.
Benedictine,Pertaining to the monks of St. Benedict  or St. Benet.
Benediction,The act of blessing.
Benedictional,A book of benedictions.
Benedictionary,A collected series of benedictions.
Benedictive,Tending to bless.
Benedictory,Expressing wishes for good; as  a benedictory prayer.
Benedight,Blessed.
Benefaction,The act of conferring a benefit.
Benefactor,One who confers a benefit or benefits.
Benefactress,A woman who confers a benefit.
Benefic,Favorable; beneficent.
Benefice,A favor or benefit.
Beneficed,of Benefice
Beneficeless,Having no benefice.
Beneficential,Relating to beneficence.
Beneficently,In a beneficent manner; with beneficence.
Beneficially,In a beneficial or advantageous manner; profitably; helpfully.
Beneficialness,The quality of being beneficial; profitableness.
Beneficiaries,of Beneficiary
Beneficiate,To reduce (ores).
Beneficient,Beneficent.
Benefit,An act of kindness; a favor conferred.
Benefited,of Benefit
Benefitting,of Benefit
Benefiter,One who confers a benefit; -- also  one who receives a benefit.
Beneme,To deprive (of)  or take away (from).
Bene placito,At or during pleasure.
Benetted,of Benet
Benet,To catch in a net; to insnare.
Benevolous,Kind; benevolent.
Bengalee,Alt. of Bengali
Bengali,The language spoken in Bengal.
Bengalese,Of or pertaining to Bengal.
Bengola,A Bengal light.
Benighted,of Benight
Benighting,of Benight
Benightment,The condition of being benighted.
Benignancy,Benignant quality; kindliness.
Benignant,Kind; gracious; favorable.
Benignity,The quality of being benign; goodness; kindness; graciousness.
Benignly,In a benign manner.
Benim,To take away.
Benison,Blessing; beatitude; benediction.
Benitier,A holy-water stoup.
Benjamin,See Benzoin.
Benjamite,A descendant of Benjamin; one of the tribe of Benjamin.
Benshee,See Banshee.
Bent grass,Same as Bent  a kind of grass.
Benthal,Relating to the deepest zone or region of the ocean.
Benthamic,Of or pertaining to Bentham or Benthamism.
Benthamite,One who believes in Benthamism.
Benumbed,of Benumb
Benumbing,of Benumb
Benumbment,Act of benumbing  or state of being benumbed; torpor.
Benzoic,Pertaining to  or obtained from benzoin.
Benzoinated,Containing or impregnated with benzoin; as  benzoinated lard.
Benzole,Alt. of Benzol
Benzoline,Same as Benzole.
Bepaint,To paint; to cover or color with  or as with paint.
Bepelt,To pelt roundly.
Bepinched,of Bepinch
Bepinch,To pinch  or mark with pinches.
Beplastered,of Beplaster
Beplastering,of Beplaster
Beplaster,To plaster over; to cover or smear thickly; to bedaub.
Beplumed,Decked with feathers.
Bepommeled,of Bepommel
Bepommeling,of Bepommel
Bepowder,To sprinkle or cover with powder; to powder.
Bepraise,To praise greatly or extravagantly.
Beprose,To reduce to prose.
Bepuffed,Puffed; praised.
Bepurple,To tinge or dye with a purple color.
Bequeathed,of Bequeath
Bequeathing,of Bequeath
Bequeathable,Capable of being bequeathed.
Bequeathal,The act of bequeathing; bequeathment; bequest.
Bequethen,old p. p. of Bequeath.
Bequote,To quote constantly or with great frequency.
Berained,of Berain
Beraining,of Berain
Berain,To rain upon; to wet with rain.
Berated,of Berate
Berating,of Berate
Berate,To rate or chide vehemently; to scold.
Berattle,To make rattle; to scold vociferously; to cry down.
Beray,To make foul; to soil; to defile.
Berbe,An African genet (Genetta pardina). See Genet.
Berberry,See Barberry.
Berdash,A kind of neckcloth.
Bereaved,of Bereave
Bereft,of Bereave
Bereaving.,of Bereave
Bereaver,One who bereaves.
Beretta,Same as Berretta.
Berg,A large mass or hill  as of ice.
Bergander,A European duck (Anas tadorna). See Sheldrake.
Bergeret,A pastoral song.
Bergh,A hill.
Bergmaster,See Barmaster.
Bergmote,See Barmote.
Bergylt,The Norway haddock. See Rosefish.
Berhymed,of Berhyme
Berhyming,of Berhyme
Berhyme,To mention in rhyme or verse; to rhyme about.
Berime,To berhyme.
Berm,Alt. of Berme
Bernacle,See Barnacle.
Bernicle,A bernicle goose.
Bernouse,Same as Burnoose.
Berob,To rob; to plunder.
Beroe,A small  oval transparent jellyfish belonging to the Ctenophora.
Berries,of Berry
Berrying,of Berry
Berserk,Alt. of Berserker
Berstle,See Bristle.
Berth,Convenient sea room.
Berthed,of Berth
Berthing,of Berth
Bertha,A kind of collar or cape worn by ladies.
Berthage,A place for mooring vessels in a dock or harbor.
Bertram,Pellitory of Spain (Anacyclus pyrethrum).
Berycoid,Of or pertaining to the Berycidae  a family of marine fishes.
Berylline,Like a beryl; of a light or bluish green color.
Beryllium,A metallic element found in the beryl. See Glucinum.
Besaiel,Alt. of Besayle
Besaile,Alt. of Besayle
Besayle,A great-grandfather.
Besaint,To make a saint of.
Besant,See Bezant.
Bes-antler,Same as Bez-antler.
Bescatter,To scatter over.
Bescorn,To treat with scorn.
Bescratch,To tear with the nails; to cover with scratches.
Bescrawl,To cover with scrawls; to scribble over.
Bescribble,To scribble over.
Bescumber,Alt. of Bescummer
Bescummer,To discharge ordure or dung upon.
Besee,To see; to look; to mind.
Besought,of Beseech
Beseeching,of Beseech
Beseech,To ask or entreat with urgency; to supplicate; to implore.
Beseecher,One who beseeches.
Beseechment,The act of beseeching or entreating earnestly.
Beseek,To beseech.
Beseemed,of Beseem
Beseeming,of Beseem
Beseemly,Fit; suitable; becoming.
Beseen,Seen; appearing.
Beset,of Beset
Besetting,of Beset
Besetter,One who  or that which besets.
Beshone,of Beshine
Beshining,of Beshine
Beshine,To shine upon; to illumine.
Beshrew,To curse; to execrate.
Beshroud,To cover with  or as with a shroud; to screen.
Beshut,To shut up or out.
Beside,At the side of; on one side of.
Besides,Alt. of Beside
Besieged,of Besiege
Besieging,of Besiege
Besiegement,The act of besieging  or the state of being besieged.
Besieger,One who besieges; -- opposed to the besieged.
Besit,To suit; to fit; to become.
Beslabber,To beslobber.
Beslave,To enslave.
Beslavered,of Beslaver
Beslavering,of Beslaver
Beslaver,To defile with slaver; to beslobber.
Beslime,To daub with slime; to soil.
Beslubber,To beslobber.
Besmeared,of Besmear
Besmearing,of Besmear
Besmear,To smear with any viscous  glutinous matter; to bedaub; to soil.
Besmearer,One that besmears.
Besmirched,of Besmirch
Besmirching,of Besmirch
Besmoke,To foul with smoke.
Besmutted,of Besmut
Besmutting,of Besmut
Besmut,To blacken with smut; to foul with soot.
Besnowed,of Besnow
Besnow,To scatter like snow; to cover thick  as with snow flakes.
Besnuff,To befoul with snuff.
Besogne,A worthless fellow; a bezonian.
Besomed,of Besom
Besomer,One who uses a besom.
Besort,To assort or be congruous with; to fit  or become.
Besotted,of Besot
Besotting,of Besot
Besottingly,In a besotting manner.
Bespangled,of Bespangle
Bespangling,of Bespangle
Bespattered,of Bespatter
Bespattering,of Bespatter
Bespawl,To daub  soil or make foul with spawl or spittle.
Bespoke,of Bespeak
Bespake,of Bespeak
Bespoken,of Bespeak
Bespeaking,of Bespeak
Bespeaker,One who bespeaks.
Bespeckled,of Bespeckle
Bespeckling,of Bespeckle
Bespeckle,To mark with speckles or spots.
Bespew,To soil or daub with spew; to vomit on.
Bespice,To season with spice  or with some spicy drug.
Bespirt,Same as Bespurt.
Bespit,of Bespit
Bespitten,of Bespit
Bespitting,of Bespit
Bespotted,of Bespot
Bespotting,of Bespot
Bespot,To mark with spots  or as with spots.
Bespread,of Bespread
Bespreading,of Bespread
Besprent,Sprinkled over; strewed.
Besprinkled,of Besprinkle
Besprinkling,of Besprinkle
Besprinkle,To sprinkle over; to scatter over.
Besprinkler,One who  or that which besprinkles.
Bespurt,To spurt on or over; to asperse.
Bestad,Beset; put in peril.
Bestain,To stain.
Bestarred,of Bestar
Bestead,of Bestead
Bested,of Bestead
Besteaded,of Bestead
Bestial,Belonging to a beast  or to the class of beasts.
Bestiality,The state or quality of being bestial.
Bestialized,of Bestialize
Bestializing,of Bestialize
Bestialize,To make bestial  or like a beast; to degrade; to brutalize.
Bestially,In a bestial manner.
Bestuck,of Bestick
Besticking,of Bestick
Bestill,To make still.
Bestirred,of Bestir
Bestirring,of Bestir
Bestorm,To storm.
Bestowed,of Bestow
Bestowing,of Bestow
Bestowal,The act of bestowing; disposal.
Bestower,One that bestows.
Bestowment,The act of giving or bestowing; a conferring or bestowal.
Bestraddle,To bestride.
Bestraught,Out of one's senses; distracted; mad.
Bestreak,To streak.
Bestrewed,of Bestrew
Bestrown,of Bestrew
Bestrewing,of Bestrew
Bestrew,To strew or scatter over; to besprinkle.
Bestrode,of Bestride
Bestrid,of Bestride
Bestridden,of Bestride
Bestriding,of Bestride
Bestudded,of Bestud
Bestudding,of Bestud
Beswike,To lure; to cheat.
Betted,of Bet
Betting,of Bet
Betook,of Betake
Betaken,of Betake
Betaking,of Betake
Betake,To take or seize.
Betaught,Delivered; committed in trust.
Beteela,An East India muslin  formerly used for cravats veils etc.
Beteem,To give ; to bestow; to grant; to accord; to consent.
Bete noire,Something especially hated or dreaded; a bugbear.
Bethel,A place of worship; a hallowed spot.
Bethought,of Bethink
Bethinking,of Bethink
Bethlehem,A hospital for lunatics; -- corrupted into bedlam.
Bethlehemite,Alt. of Bethlemite
Bethlemite,An inhabitant of Bethlehem in Judea.
Bethrall,To reduce to thralldom; to inthrall.
Bethumb,To handle; to wear or soil by handling; as books.
Bethumped,of Bethump
Bethumpt,of Bethump
Bethumping,of Bethump
Bethump,To beat or thump soundly.
Betided,of Betide
Betid,of Betide
Betiding,of Betide
Betime,Alt. of Betimes
Betimes,In good season or time; before it is late; seasonably; early.
Betitle,To furnish with a title or titles; to entitle.
Betokened,of Betoken
Betokening,of Betoken
Betoken,To signify by some visible object; to show by signs or tokens.
Betongue,To attack with the tongue; to abuse; to insult.
Betonies,of Betony
Betony,A plant of the genus Betonica (Linn.).
Betorn,Torn in pieces; tattered.
Betossed,of Betoss
Betoss,To put in violent motion; to agitate; to disturb; to toss.
Betrapped,of Betrap
Betrap,To draw into  or catch in a trap; to insnare; to circumvent.
Betrayed,of Betray
Betraying,of Betray
Betrayal,The act or the result of betraying.
Betrayer,One who  or that which betrays.
Betrayment,Betrayal.
Betrimmed,of Betrim
Betrimming,of Betrim
Betrim,To set in order; to adorn; to deck  to embellish; to trim.
Betrothed,of Betroth
Betrothing,of Betroth
Betrust,To trust or intrust.
Betrustment,The act of intrusting  or the thing intrusted.
Betso,A small brass Venetian coin.
Bettered,of Better
Bettering,of Better
Betterment,A making better; amendment; improvement.
Bettermost,Best.
Betterness,The quality of being better or superior; superiority.
Bettor,One who bets; a better.
Betty,A short bar used by thieves to wrench doors open.
Betumbled,of Betumble
Betumble,To throw into disorder; to tumble.
Betutored,of Betutor
Betutor,To tutor; to instruct.
Betwixt,In the space which separates; between.
Beveled,of Bevel
Bevelled,of Bevel
Beveling,of Bevel
Bevelling,of Bevel
Bever,A light repast between meals; a lunch.
Bevered,of Bever
Bevile,A chief broken or opening like a carpenter's bevel.
Beviled,Alt. of Bevilled
Bevies,of Bevy
Bewailed,of Bewail
Bewailing,of Bewail
Bewailable,Such as may  or ought to be bewailed; lamentable.
Bewailer,One who bewails or laments.
Bewailment,The act of bewailing.
Bewake,To keep watch over; to keep awake.
Bewash,To drench or souse with water.
Bewept,of Beweep
Beweeping,of Beweep
Beweep,To weep over; to deplore; to bedew with tears.
Bewet,of Bewet
Bewetted,of Bewet
Bewhore,To corrupt with regard to chastity; to make a whore of.
Bewigged,of Bewig
Bewig,To cover (the head) with a wig.
Bewildered,of Bewilder
Bewildering,of Bewilder
Bewilderedness,The state of being bewildered; bewilderment.
Bewilderment,The state of being bewildered.
Bewinter,To make wintry.
Bewitched,of Bewitch
Bewitching,of Bewitch
Bewitchedness,The state of being bewitched.
Bewitcher,One who bewitches.
Bewitchment,The act of bewitching  or the state of being bewitched.
Bewondered,of Bewonder
Bewonder,To fill with wonder.
Bewrapped,of Bewrap
Bewrap,To wrap up; to cover.
Bewray,To soil. See Beray.
Bewrayed,of Bewray
Bewraying,of Bewray
Bewrayer,One who  or that which bewrays; a revealer.
Bewrayment,Betrayal.
Bewreck,To wreck.
Bewreke,To wreak; to avenge.
Bewrought,Embroidered.
Beylic,The territory ruled by a bey.
Bez-antler,The second branch of a stag's horn.
Bezoardic,Pertaining to  or compounded with bezoar.
Bezoartic,Alt. of Bezoartical
Bezoartical,Having the qualities of an antidote  or of bezoar; healing.
Bezonian,A low fellow or scoundrel; a beggar.
Bezzled,of Bezzle
Bezzling,of Bezzle
Bezzle,To plunder; to waste in riot.
Biacuminate,Having points in two directions.
Biangular,Having two angles or corners.
Biangulate,Alt. of Biangulated
Biangulated,Biangular.
Biangulous,Biangular.
Biantheriferous,Having two anthers.
Biarticulate,Having  or consisting of tow joints.
Biases,of Bias
Biased,of Bias
Biasing,of Bias
Biauriculate,Having two auricles  as the heart of mammals birds and reptiles.
Biaxal,Alt. of Biaxial
Biaxial,Having two axes; as  biaxial polarization.
Bibbe,To drink; to tipple.
Bibacious,Addicted to drinking.
Bibacity,The practice or habit of drinking too much; tippling.
Bibb,A bibcock. See Bib  n. 3.
Bibble-babble,Idle talk; babble.
Bibcock,A cock or faucet having a bent down nozzle.
Bibirine,See Bebeerine.
Bibitory,Of or pertaining to drinking or tippling.
Bible,A book.
Bibler,A great drinker; a tippler.
Biblicality,The quality of being biblical; a biblical subject.
Biblically,According to the Bible.
Biblicism,Learning or literature relating to the Bible.
Bibliograph,Bibliographer.
Bibliographer,One who writes  or is versed in bibliography.
Bibliographic,Alt. of Bibliographical
Bibliographical,Pertaining to bibliography  or the history of books.
Bibliographies,of Bibliography
Bibliolater,Alt. of Bibliolatrist
Bibliological,Relating to bibliology.
Bibliology,An account of books; book lore; bibliography.
Bibliomania,A mania for acquiring books.
Bibliomaniac,One who has a mania for books.
Bibliomaniacal,Pertaining to a passion for books; relating to a bibliomaniac.
Bibliopegic,Relating to the binding of books.
Bibliopegist,A bookbinder.
Bibliopegistic,Pertaining to the art of binding books.
Bibliopegy,The art of binding books.
Bibliophile,A lover of books.
Bibliophilism,Love of books.
Bibliophilist,A lover of books.
Bibliophobia,A dread of books.
Bibliopole,One who sells books.
Bibliopolic,Alt. of Bibliopolar
Bibliopolar,Of or pertaining to the sale of books.
Bibliopolism,The trade or business of selling books.
Bibliopolist,Same as Bibliopole.
Bibliopolistic,Of or pertaining to bibliopolism.
Bibliotaph,Alt. of Bibliotaphist
Bibliotaphist,One who hides away books  as in a tomb.
Bibliothec,A librarian.
Bibliotheca,A library.
Bibliothecal,Belonging to a library.
Bibliothecary,A librarian.
Bibliotheke,A library.
Biblist,One who makes the Bible the sole rule of faith.
Bibracteate,Furnished with  or having two bracts.
Bibulously,In a bibulous manner; with profuse imbibition or absorption.
Bicalcarate,Having two spurs  as the wing or leg of a bird.
Bicallose,Alt. of Bicallous
Bicallous,Having two callosities or hard spots.
Bicapsular,Having two capsules; as  a bicapsular pericarp.
Bicarbureted,Alt. of -retted
Bicarinate,Having two keel-like projections  as the upper palea of grasses.
Bicaudal,Having  or terminating in two tails.
Bicaudate,Two-tailed; bicaudal.
Bicched,Pecked; pitted; notched.
Bice,Alt. of Bise
Bicentennial,Consisting of two hundred years.
Bicephalous,Having two heads.
Bicho,See Jigger.
Bicipital,Having two heads or origins  as a muscle.
Bicipitous,Having two heads; bicipital.
Bicker,A small wooden vessel made of staves and hoops  like a tub.
Bickered,of Bicker
Bickering,of Bicker
Bickerer,One who bickers.
Bickerment,Contention.
Bicolligate,Having the anterior toes connected by a basal web.
Bicolor,Alt. of Bicolored
Bicolored,Of two colors.
Biconcave,Concave on both sides; as  biconcave vertebrae.
Biconjugate,Twice paired  as when a petiole forks twice.
Biconvex,Convex on both sides; as  a biconvex lens.
Bicorn,Alt. of Bicornous
Bicorned,Alt. of Bicornous
Bicornous,Having two horns; two-horned; crescentlike.
Bicorporal,Having two bodies.
Bicorporate,Double-bodied  as a lion having one head and two bodies.
Bicostate,Having two principal ribs running longitudinally  as a leaf.
Bicrescentic,Having the form of a double crescent.
Bicrural,Having two legs.
Bicuspid,Alt. of Bicuspidate
Bicyanide,See Dicyanide.
Bicycler,One who rides a bicycle.
Bicyclic,Relating to bicycles.
Bicycling,The use of a bicycle; the act or practice of riding a bicycle.
Bicyclism,The art of riding a bicycle.
Bicyclist,A bicycler.
Bicycular,Relating to bicycling.
Bid,of Bid
Bidden,of Bid
Bidding,of Bid
Biddable,Obedient; docile.
Bidder,One who bids or offers a price.
Bidding prayer,The prayer for the souls of benefactors  said before the sermon.
Biddy,A name used in calling a hen or chicken.
Bided,of Bide
Biding,of Bide
Bide,To dwell; to inhabit; to abide; to stay.
Bident,An instrument or weapon with two prongs.
Bidental,Having two teeth.
Bidentate,Having two teeth or two toothlike processes; two-toothed.
Bidigitate,Having two fingers or fingerlike projections.
Bield,A shelter. Same as Beild.
Biennially,Once in two years.
Bierbalk,A church road (e. g.  a path across fields) for funerals.
Biestings,Alt. of Beestings
Bifacial,Having the opposite surfaces alike.
Bifarious,Twofold; arranged in two rows.
Bifariously,In a bifarious manner.
Biferous,Bearing fruit twice a year.
Biffin,A sort of apple peculiar to Norfolk  Eng.
Bifidate,See Bifid.
Biflabellate,Flabellate on both sides.
Biflagellate,Having two long  narrow whiplike appendages.
Biflorate,Alt. of Biflorous
Biflorous,Bearing two flowers; two-flowered.
Bifold,Twofold; double; of two kinds  degrees etc.
Bifoliate,Having two leaves; two-leaved.
Bifoliolate,Having two leaflets  as some compound leaves.
Biforate,Having two perforations.
Biforked,Bifurcate.
Biform,Having two forms  bodies or shapes.
Biformed,Having two forms.
Biformity,A double form.
Biforn,Before.
Biforous,See Biforate.
Bifronted,Having two fronts.
Bifurcate,Alt. of Bifurcated
Bifurcated,Two-pronged; forked.
Bifurcation,A forking  or division into two branches.
Bifurcous,See Bifurcate  a.
Bigg,Barley  especially the hardy four-rowed kind.
Biga,A two-horse chariot.
Bigam,A bigamist.
Bigamist,One who is guilty of bigamy.
Bigamous,Guilty of bigamy; involving bigamy; as  a bigamous marriage.
Bigarreau,Alt. of Bigaroon
Bigaroon,The large white-heart cherry.
Bigential,Including two tribes or races of men.
Biggen,To make or become big; to enlarge.
Bigger,compar. of Big.
Biggest,superl. of Big.
Biggin,A child's cap; a hood  or something worn on the head.
Bigging,A building.
Biggon,Alt. of Biggonnet
Biggonnet,A cap or hood with pieces covering the ears.
Bighorn,The Rocky Mountain sheep (Ovis / Caprovis montana).
Biglandular,Having two glands  as a plant.
Bigly,In a tumid  swelling blustering manner; haughtily; violently.
Bigness,The state or quality of being big; largeness; size; bulk.
Bigot,A hypocrite; esp.  a superstitious hypocrite.
Bigotedly,In the manner of a bigot.
Bigwig,A person of consequence; as  the bigwigs of society.
Big-wigged,characterized by pomposity of manner.
Bihydroguret,A compound of two atoms of hydrogen with some other substance.
Bijoux,of Bijou
Bijoutry,Small articles of virtu  as jewelry trinkets etc.
Bijugate,Having two pairs  as of leaflets.
Bijugous,Bijugate.
Bike,A nest of wild bees  wasps or ants; a swarm.
Bilabiate,Having two lips  as the corols of certain flowers.
Bilaciniate,Doubly fringed.
Bilamellate,Alt. of Bilamellated
Bilaminar,Alt. of Bilaminate
Bilaminate,Formed of  or having two laminae or thin plates.
Biland,A byland.
Bilaterality,State of being bilateral.
Bilberries,of Bilberry
Bilboes,of Bilbo
Bilbo,A rapier; a sword; so named from Bilbao  in Spain.
Bilboquet,The toy called cup and ball.
Bilcock,The European water rail.
Bildstein,Same as Agalmatolite.
Bilestone,A gallstone  or biliary calculus. See Biliary.
Bilge,The protuberant part of a cask  which is usually in the middle.
Bilged,of Bilge
Bilging,of Bilge
Bilgy,Having the smell of bilge water.
Biliation,The production and excretion of bile.
Biliferous,Generating bile.
Bilimbi,Alt. of Bilimbing
Biliment,A woman's ornament; habiliment.
Bilingualism,Quality of being bilingual.
Bilinguar,See Bilingual.
Bilinguist,One versed in two languages.
Bilinguous,Having two tongues  or speaking two languages.
Bilious,Of or pertaining to the bile.
Biliousness,The state of being bilious.
Biliteralism,The property or state of being biliteral.
Bilked,of Bilk
Bilking,of Bilk
Bill,A beak  as of a bird or sometimes of a turtle or other animal.
Billed,of Bill
Billing,of Bill
Billage,Same as Bilge.
Billard,An English fish  allied to the cod; the coalfish.
Billbeetle,Alt. of Billbug
Bill broker,One who negotiates the discount of bills.
Billet,A small paper; a note; a short letter.
Billeted,of Billet
Billeting,of Billet
Billets-doux,of Billet-doux
Billet-doux,A love letter or note.
Billfish,A name applied to several distinct fishes
Bill holder,A person who holds a bill or acceptance.
Billiard,Of or pertaining to the game of billiards.
Billmen,of Billman
Billman,One who uses  or is armed with a bill or hooked ax.
Billot,Bullion in the bar or mass.
Billowed,of Billow
Billowing,of Billow
Billposter,Alt. of Billsticker
Billy,A club; esp.  a policeman's club.
Billyboy,A flat-bottomed river barge or coasting vessel.
Billy goat,A male goat.
Bilobate,Divided into two lobes or segments.
Bilobed,Bilobate.
Bilsted,See Sweet gum.
Biltong,Lean meat cut into strips and sun-dried.
Bimaculate,Having  or marked with two spots.
Bimanous,Having two hands; two-handed.
Bimarginate,Having a double margin  as certain shells.
Bimastism,The condition of having two mammae or teats.
Bimembral,Having two members; as  a bimembral sentence.
Bimensal,See Bimonthly  a.
Bimestrial,Continuing two months.
Bimetallist,An advocate of bimetallism.
Bimuscular,Having two adductor muscles  as a bivalve mollusk.
Binned,of Bin
Binning,of Bin
Bin-,A euphonic form of the prefix Bi-.
Binal,Twofold; double.
Binate,Double; growing in pairs or couples.
Binaural,Of or pertaining to  or used by both ears.
Bound,of Bind
Bounden,of Bind
Binding,of Bind
Bindingly,So as to bind.
Bindingness,The condition or property of being binding; obligatory quality.
Bing,A heap or pile; as  a bing of wood.
Biniodide,Same as Diiodide.
Bink,A bench.
Binocular,Having two eyes.
Binocularly,In a binocular manner.
Binoculate,Having two eyes.
Binominal,Of or pertaining to two names; binomial.
Binominous,Binominal.
Binotonous,Consisting of two notes; as  a binotonous cry.
Binous,Same as Binate.
Binoxide,Same as Dioxide.
Binturong,A small Asiatic civet of the genus Arctilis.
Binuclear,Alt. of Binucleate
Binucleate,Having two nuclei; as  binucleate cells.
Binucleolate,Having two nucleoli.
Bioblast,Same as Bioplast.
Biocellate,Having two ocelli (eyelike spots); -- said of a wing  etc.
Biodynamics,The doctrine of vital forces or energy.
Biogen,Bioplasm.
Biogenesis,Alt. of Biogeny
Biogenetic,Pertaining to biogenesis.
Biogenist,A believer in the theory of biogenesis.
Biognosis,The investigation of life.
Biographic,Alt. of Biographical
Biographical,Of or pertaining to biography; containing biography.
Biographize,To write a history of the life of.
Biographies,of Biography
Biography,The written history of a person's life.
Biologic,Alt. of Biological
Biological,Of or relating to biology.
Biologist,A student of biology; one versed in the science of biology.
Biolysis,The destruction of life.
Biolytic,Relating to the destruction of life.
Biomagnetic,Relating to biomagnetism.
Biomagnetism,Animal magnetism.
Bionomy,Physiology.
Bioplasmic,Pertaining to  or consisting of bioplasm.
Bioplastic,Bioplasmic.
Biostatistics,Vital statistics.
Biotic,Relating to life; as  the biotic principle.
Bipalmate,Palmately branched  with the branches again palmated.
Biparous,Bringing forth two at a birth.
Bipartible,Capable of being divided into two parts.
Bipartient,Dividing into two parts.
Bipartile,Divisible into two parts.
Bipectinate,Alt. of Bipectinated
Bipectinated,Having two margins toothed like a comb.
Biped,A two-footed animal  as man.
Bipedal,Having two feet; biped.
Bipeltate,Having a shell or covering like a double shield.
Bipennate,Alt. of Bipennated
Bipennated,Having two wings.
Bipennis,An ax with an edge or blade on each side of the handle.
Bipetalous,Having two petals.
Bipinnate,Alt. of Bipinnated
Bipinnated,Twice pinnate.
Bipinnatifid,Doubly pinnatifid.
Biplicate,Twice folded together.
Biplicity,The state of being twice folded; reduplication.
Bipolar,Doubly polar; having two poles; as  a bipolar cell or corpuscle.
Bipolarity,Bipolar quality.
Bipont,Alt. of Bipontine
Bipunctate,Having two punctures  or spots.
Bipunctual,Having two points.
Biquadratic,Of or pertaining to the biquadrate  or fourth power.
Biradiate,Alt. of Biradiated
Biradiated,Having two rays; as  a biradiate fin.
Biramous,Having  or consisting of two branches.
Birches,of Birch
Birched,of Birch
Birching,of Birch
Birchen,Of or relating to birch.
Birdbolt,A short blunt arrow for killing birds without piercing them.
Bird cage,Alt. of Birdcage
Birdcage,A cage for confining birds.
Birdcatcher,One whose employment it is to catch birds; a fowler.
Birdcatching,The art  act or occupation or catching birds or wild fowls.
Birder,A birdcatcher.
Bird-eyed,Quick-sighted; catching a glance as one goes.
Birdie,A pretty or dear little bird; -- a pet name.
Birdikin,A young bird.
Birding,Birdcatching or fowling.
Birdlet,A little bird; a nestling.
Birdlike,Resembling a bird.
Birdling,A little bird; a nestling.
Birdman,A fowler or birdcatcher.
Bird's-beak,A molding whose section is thought to resemble a beak.
Bird's-eye maple,See under Maple.
Bird's nest,Alt. of Bird's-nest
Bird's-nest,The nest in which a bird lays eggs and hatches her young.
Bird's-nesting,Hunting for  or taking birds' nests or their contents.
Bird's-tongue,The knotgrass (Polygonum aviculare).
Bireme,An ancient galley or vessel with two banks or tiers of oars.
Biretta,Same as Berretta.
Birgander,See Bergander.
Birk,A birch tree.
Birken,To whip with a birch or rod.
Birkie,A lively or mettlesome fellow.
Birl,To revolve or cause to revolve; to spin.
Birostrate,Alt. of Birostrated
Birostrated,Having a double beak  or two processes resembling beaks.
Birred,of Birr
Birring,of Birr
Birr,To make  or move with a whirring noise as of wheels in motion.
Birse,A bristle or bristles.
Birt,A fish of the turbot kind; the brill.
Birthdom,The land of one's birth; one's inheritance.
Birthing,Anything added to raise the sides of a ship.
Birthless,Of mean extraction.
Birthmark,Some peculiar mark or blemish on the body at birth.
Bis-,A form of Bi-  sometimes used before s c or a vowel.
Bisa antelope,See Oryx.
Bisaccate,Having two little bags  sacs or pouches.
Biscayan,Of or pertaining to Biscay in Spain.
Biscutate,Resembling two bucklers placed side by side.
Bisected,of Bisect
Bisecting,of Bisect
Bisect,To cut or divide into two parts.
Bisection,Division into two parts  esp. two equal parts.
Bisegment,One of tow equal parts of a line  or other magnitude.
Biseptate,With two partitions or septa.
Biserial,Alt. of Biseriate
Biseriate,In two rows or series.
Bisetose,Alt. of Bisetous
Bisetous,Having two bristles.
Bisexous,Bisexual.
Bisexuous,Bisexual.
Biseye,p. p. of Besee.
Bish,Same as Bikh.
Bishop,A spiritual overseer  superintendent or director.
Bishoped,of Bishop
Bishoping,of Bishop
Bishopdom,Jurisdiction of a bishop; episcopate.
Bishoplike,Resembling a bishop; belonging to a bishop.
Bishoply,Bishoplike; episcopal.
Bishop's cap,A plant of the genus Mitella; miterwort.
Bishop sleeve,A wide sleeve  once worn by women.
Bishop-stool,A bishop's seat or see.
Bishop's-weed,An umbelliferous plant of the genus Ammi.
Bisie,To busy; to employ.
Bisk,Soup or broth made by boiling several sorts of flesh together.
Bismare,Alt. of Bismer
Bismer,Shame; abuse.
Bismillah,An adjuration or exclamation common among the Mohammedans.
Bismite,Bismuth trioxide  or bismuth ocher.
Bismuthal,Containing bismuth.
Bismuthiferous,Containing bismuth.
Bismuthine,Alt. of Bismuthinite
Bismuthinite,Native bismuth sulphide; -- sometimes called bismuthite.
Bison,The aurochs or European bison.
Bispinose,Having two spines.
Bisque,Unglazed white porcelain.
Bisson,Purblind; blinding.
Bister,Alt. of Bistre
Bistre,A dark brown pigment extracted from the soot of wood.
Bistipuled,Having two stipules.
Bistouries,of Bistoury
Bisulcate,Having two grooves or furrows.
Bisulcous,Bisulcate.
Bisulphuret,See Bisulphide.
Bitted,of Bit
Bitting,of Bit
Bitake,To commend; to commit.
Bitangent,Possessing the property of touching at two points.
Bitch,The female of the canine kind  as of the dog wolf and fox.
Bitten,of Bite
Biting,of Bite
Biternate,Doubly ternate  as when a petiole has three ternate leaflets.
Bitheism,Belief in the existence of two gods; dualism.
Bitingly,In a biting manner.
Bitless,Not having a bit or bridle.
Bitstock,A stock or handle for holding and rotating a bit; a brace.
Bitt,See Bitts.
Bittacle,A binnacle.
Bitter,AA turn of the cable which is round the bitts.
Bitterbump,the butterbump or bittern.
Bitterful,Full of bitterness.
Bittering,A bitter compound used in adulterating beer; bittern.
Bitterish,Somewhat bitter.
Bitterling,A roachlike European fish (Rhodima amarus).
Bitterly,In a bitter manner.
Bitterweed,A species of Ambrosia (A. artemisiaefolia); Roman worm wood.
Bittor Bittour,The bittern.
Bitume,Bitumen.
Bitumed,Smeared with bitumen.
Bituminated,of Bituminate
Bituminating,of Bituminate
Bituminate,To treat or impregnate with bitumen; to cement with bitumen.
Bituminiferous,Producing bitumen.
Bituminization,The process of bituminizing.
Bituminized,of Bituminize
Bituminizing,of Bituminize
Bituminize,To prepare  treat impregnate or coat with bitumen.
Bivalency,The quality of being bivalent.
Bivalved,Having two valves  as the oyster and some seed pods; bivalve.
Bivalvous,Bivalvular.
Bivalvular,Having two valves.
Bivaulted,Having two vaults or arches.
Bivial,Of or relating to the bivium.
Bivious,Having  or leading two ways.
Bivouacked,of Bivouac
Bivouacking,of Bivouac
Biweekly,Occurring or appearing once every two weeks; fortnightly.
Biwreye,To bewray; to reveal.
Bizantine,See Byzantine.
Blabbed,of Blab
Blabbing,of Blab
Blabber,A tattler; a telltale.
Blacked,of Black
Blacking,of Black
Blackamoor,A negro or negress.
Black-a-vised,Dark-visaged; swart.
Blackballed,of Blackball
Blackballing,of Blackball
Blackened,of Blacken
Blackening,of Blacken
Blacken,To make or render black.
Blackener,One who blackens.
Black-eyed,Having black eyes.
Black-faced,Having a black  dark or gloomy face or aspect.
Blackfin,See Bluefin.
Blackfoot,Of or pertaining to the Blackfeet; as  a Blackfoot Indian.
Blackguarded,of Blackguard
Blackguarding,of Blackguard
Blackguardism,The conduct or language of a blackguard; ruffianism.
Blackhead,The scaup duck.
Blackheart,A heart-shaped cherry with a very dark-colored skin.
Black-hearted,Having a wicked  malignant disposition; morally bad.
Blackish,Somewhat black.
Blacklead,To coat or to polish with black lead.
Blackleg,A notorious gambler.
Blackmailed,of Blackmail
Blackmailing,of Blackmail
Blackmailer,One who extorts  or endeavors to extort money by black mailing.
Black monk,A Benedictine monk.
Blackmoor,See Blackamoor.
Black-mouthed,Using foul or scurrilous language; slanderous.
Blackpoll,A warbler of the United States (Dendroica striata).
Black pudding,A kind of sausage made of blood  suet etc. thickened with meal.
Blackroot,See Colicroot.
Blacksalter,One who makes crude potash  or black salts.
Black salts,Crude potash.
Black snake,Alt. of Blacksnake
Blackstrap,A mixture of spirituous liquor (usually rum) and molasses.
Blacktail,A fish; the ruff or pope.
Black wash,Alt. of Blackwash
Blackwash,A lotion made by mixing calomel and lime water.
Bladdered,of Bladder
Bladdering,of Bladder
Bladdery,Having bladders; also  resembling a bladder.
Bladebone,The scapula. See Blade  4.
Bladed,Having a blade or blades; as  a two-bladed knife.
Bladesmith,A sword cutler.
Blady,Consisting of blades.
Blae,Dark blue or bluish gray; lead-colored.
Blaeberry,The bilberry.
Blague,Mendacious boasting; falsehood; humbug.
Blain,An inflammatory swelling or sore; a bulla  pustule or blister.
Blamed,of Blame
Blaming,of Blame
Blameful,Faulty; meriting blame.
Blamelessly,In a blameless manner.
Blamelessness,The quality or state of being blameless; innocence.
Blamer,One who blames.
Blameworthy,Deserving blame; culpable; reprehensible.
Blanched,of Blanch
Blanching,of Blanch
Blandation,Flattery.
Blandiloquence,Mild  flattering speech.
Blandiloquous,Alt. of Blandiloquious
Blandiloquious,Fair-spoken; flattering.
Blandise,To blandish any one.
Blandished,of Blandish
Blandishing,of Blandish
Blandisher,One who uses blandishments.
Blandly,In a bland manner; mildly; suavely.
Blandness,The state or quality of being bland.
Blank,Of a white or pale color; without color.
Blanked,of Blank
Blanking,of Blank
Blanketed,of Blanket
Blanketing,of Blanket
Blankness,The state of being blank.
Blanquette,A white fricassee.
Blared,of Blare
Blaring,of Blare
Blare,To sound loudly and somewhat harshly.
Blarney,Smooth  wheedling talk; flattery.
Blarneyed,of Blarney
Blarneying,of Blarney
Blasphemed,of Blaspheme
Blaspheming,of Blaspheme
Blasphemer,One who blasphemes.
Blasphemously,In a blasphemous manner.
Blast,A violent gust of wind.
Blasted,of Blast
Blasting,of Blast
Blastemata,of Blastema
Blastemal,Relating to the blastema; rudimentary.
Blastematic,Connected with  or proceeding from the blastema; blastemal.
Blaster,One who  or that which blasts or destroys.
Blastment,A sudden stroke or injury produced by some destructive cause.
Blastocarpous,Germinating inside the pericarp  as the mangrove.
Blastocoele,The cavity of the blastosphere  or segmentation cavity.
Blastocyst,The germinal vesicle.
Blastodermatic,Alt. of Blastodermic
Blastodermic,Of or pertaining to the blastoderm.
Blastogenesis,Multiplication or increase by gemmation or budding.
Blastoid,One of the Blastoidea.
Blastomere,One of the segments first formed by the division of the ovum.
Blastophoral,Alt. of Blastophoric
Blastophoric,Relating to the blastophore.
Blastule,Same as Blastula.
Blasty,Affected by blasts; gusty.
Blatancy,Blatant quality.
Blatantly,In a blatant manner.
Blatherskite,A blustering  talkative fellow.
Blattered,of Blatter
Blatteration,Blattering.
Blatterer,One who blatters; a babbler; a noisy  blustering boaster.
Blattering,Senseless babble or boasting.
Blatteroon,A senseless babbler or boaster.
Blaubok,The blue buck. See Blue buck  under Blue.
Blay,A fish. See Bleak  n.
Blazed,of Blaze
Blazing,of Blaze
Blazer,One who spreads reports or blazes matters abroad.
Blazon,A shield.
Blazoned,of Blazon
Blazoning,of Blazon
Blazonment,The act of blazoning; blazoning; emblazonment.
Blazonry,Same as Blazon  3.
Bleaberry,See Blaeberry.
Bleached,of Bleach
Bleaching,of Bleach
Bleacher,One who whitens  or whose occupation is to whiten by bleaching.
Bleacheries,of Bleachery
Bleachery,A place or an establishment where bleaching is done.
Bleak,Without color; pale; pallid.
Bleaky,Bleak.
Blear,Dim or sore with water or rheum; -- said of the eyes.
Bleared,of Blear
Blearing,of Blear
Blear-eyed,Having sore eyes; having the eyes dim with rheum; dim-sighted.
Bleareyedness,The state of being blear-eyed.
Bleary,Somewhat blear.
Bleated,of Bleat
Bleating,of Bleat
Bleater,One who bleats; a sheep.
Blebby,Containing blebs  or characterized by blebs; as blebby glass.
Bleck,Alt. of Blek
Blek,To blacken; also  to defile.
Bled,imp. & p. p. of Bleed.
Blee,Complexion; color; hue; likeness; form.
Bleeding,of Bleed
Bleeder,One who  or that which draws blood.
Blemished,of Blemish
Blemishing,of Blemish
Blemishes,of Blemish
Blemishless,Without blemish; spotless.
Blenched,of Blench
Blenching,of Blench
Blench holding,See Blanch holding.
Blended,of Blend
Blent,of Blend
Blending,of Blend
Blendous,Pertaining to  consisting of or containing blende.
Blenheim spaniel,A small variety of spaniel  kept as a pet.
Blenk,To blink; to shine; to look.
Blennioid,Alt. of Blenniid
Blenniid,Of  pertaining to or resembling the blennies.
Blennogenous,Generating mucus.
Blennorrhea,An inordinate secretion and discharge of mucus.
Blennies,of Blenny
Blessed,of Bless
Blest,of Bless
Blessing,of Bless
Bless,To make or pronounce holy; to consecrate
Blessedly,Happily; fortunately; joyfully.
Blessed thistle,See under Thistle.
Blesser,One who blesses; one who bestows or invokes a blessing.
Blet,A form of decay in fruit which is overripe.
Bletting,A form of decay seen in fleshy  overripe fruit.
Blew,imp. of Blow.
Bleynte,imp. of Blench.
Blickey,A tin dinner pail.
Blighted,of Blight
Blighting,of Blight
Blightingly,So as to cause blight.
Blimbi,Alt. of Blimbing
Blimbing,See Bilimbi  etc.
Blin,To stop; to cease; to desist.
Blinded,of Blind
Blinding,of Blind
Blinde,See Blende.
Blinder,One who  or that which blinds.
Blindfolded,of Blindfold
Blindfolding,of Blindfold
Blindfold,To cover the eyes of  as with a bandage; to hinder from seeing.
Blindman's holiday,The time between daylight and candle light.
Blindness,State or condition of being blind  literally or figuratively.
Blindstory,The triforium as opposed to the clearstory.
Blinked,of Blink
Blinking,of Blink
Blink,To wink; to twinkle with  or as with the eye.
Blinkard,One who blinks with  or as with weak eyes.
Blink beer,Beer kept unbroached until it is sharp.
Blinker,One who  or that which blinks.
Blink-eyed,Habitually winking.
Blirt,A gust of wind and rain.
Blisses,of Bliss
Blissless,Destitute of bliss.
Blissom,To be lustful; to be lascivious.
Blistered,of Blister
Blistering,of Blister
Blistery,Full of blisters.
Blitheful,Gay; full of gayety; joyous.
Blithely,In a blithe manner.
Blitheness,The state of being blithe.
Blithesome,Cheery; gay; merry.
Blive,Quickly; forthwith.
Bloated,of Bloat
Bloating,of Bloat
Bloatedness,The state of being bloated.
Blobber,A bubble; blubber.
Blobber-lipped,Having thick lips.
Blocage,The roughest and cheapest sort of rubblework  in masonry.
Blocked,of Block
Blocking,of Block
Blockaded,of Blockade
Blockading,of Blockade
Blockader,One who blockades.
Blockage,The act of blocking up; the state of being blocked up.
Blockhead,A stupid fellow; a dolt; a person deficient in understanding.
Blockheaded,Stupid; dull.
Blockheadism,That which characterizes a blockhead; stupidity.
Blocking course,The finishing course of a wall showing above a cornice.
Blockish,Like a block; deficient in understanding; stupid; dull.
Blocklike,Like a block; stupid.
Block tin,See under Tin.
Bloedite,A hydrous sulphate of magnesium and sodium.
Blomary,See Bloomery.
Bloncket,Alt. of Blonket
Blonket,Gray; bluish gray.
Blond,Alt. of Blonde
Blondness,The state of being blond.
Blooded,of Blood
Blooding,of Blood
Blood-boltered,Having the hair matted with clotted blood.
Bloodguilty,Guilty of murder or bloodshed.
Bloodily,In a bloody manner; cruelly; with a disposition to shed blood.
Bloodiness,The state of being bloody.
Bloodlet,bleed; to let blood.
Bloodletter,One who  or that which lets blood; a phlebotomist.
Bloodshedder,One who sheds blood; a manslayer; a murderer.
Bloodshedding,Bloodshed.
Blood-shotten,Bloodshot.
Bloodthirsty,Eager to shed blood; cruel; sanguinary; murderous.
Bloodulf,The European bullfinch.
Bloodwite,Alt. of Bloodwit
Bloodwood,A tree having the wood or the sap of the color of blood.
Bloodied,of Bloody
Bloodying,of Bloody
Bloodybones,A terrible bugbear.
Bloody-minded,Having a cruel  ferocious disposition; bloodthirsty.
Bloomed,of Bloom
Blooming,of Bloom
Bloomary,See Bloomery.
Bloomingly,In a blooming manner.
Bloomingness,A blooming condition.
Bloomless,Without bloom or flowers.
Blooth,Bloom; a blossoming.
Blore,The act of blowing; a roaring wind; a blast.
Blosmy,Blossomy.
Blossomed,of Blossom
Blossoming,of Blossom
Blossomless,Without blossoms.
Blossomy,Full of blossoms; flowery.
Blotted,of Blot
Blotting,of Blot
Blot,To spot  stain or bespatter as with ink.
Blotched,Marked or covered with blotches.
Blotchy,Having blotches.
Bloted,of Blote
Bloting,of Blote
Blote,To cure  as herrings by salting and smoking them; to bloat.
Blotless,Without blot.
Blown,of Blow
Blowing,of Blow
Blow,To flower; to blossom; to bloom.
Blowen,Alt. of Blowess
Blowess,A prostitute; a courtesan; a strumpet.
Blower,One who  or that which blows.
Blow-off,A blowing off steam  water etc.;
Blowpoint,A child's game.
Blowse,See Blowze.
Blowth,A blossoming; a bloom.
Blowtube,A blowgun.
Blow valve,See Snifting valve.
Blowy,Windy; as  blowy weather; a blowy upland.
Blowze,A ruddy  fat-faced woman; a wench.
Blowzy,Coarse and ruddy-faced; fat and ruddy; high colored; frowzy.
Blub,To swell; to puff out  as with weeping.
Blubber,A bubble.
Blubbered,of Blubber
Blubbering,of Blubber
Blubbery,Swollen; protuberant.
Blucher,A kind of half boot  named from the Prussian general Blucher.
Blued,of Blue
Bluing,of Blue
Blueback,A trout (Salmo oquassa) inhabiting some of the lakes of Maine.
Blue bonnet,Alt. of Blue-bonnet
Bluebreast,A small European bird; the blue-throated warbler.
Bluecap,The bluepoll.
Bluecoat,One dressed in blue  as a soldier a sailor a beadle etc.
Blue-eye,The blue-cheeked honeysucker of Australia.
Blue-eyed,Having blue eyes.
Bluely,With a blue color.
Blueness,The quality of being blue; a blue color.
Bluenose,A nickname for a Nova Scotian.
Bluepoll,A kind of salmon (Salmo Cambricus) found in Wales.
Blueprint,See under Print.
Bluestocking,A literary lady; a female pedant.
Bluestockingism,The character or manner of a bluestocking; female pedantry.
Bluestone,Blue vitriol.
Blue-veined,Having blue veins or blue streaks.
Bluewing,The blue-winged teal. See Teal.
Bluey,Bluish.
Bluff,Having a broad  flattened front; as the bluff bows of a ship.
Bluffed,of Bluff
Bluffing,of Bluff
Bluff-bowed,Built with the stem nearly straight up and down.
Bluffer,One who bluffs.
Bluff-headed,Built with the stem nearly straight up and down.
Bluffness,The quality or state of being bluff.
Bluffy,Having bluffs  or bold steep banks.
Bluish,Somewhat blue; as  bluish veins.
Blundered,of Blunder
Blundering,of Blunder
Blunderer,One who is apt to blunder.
Blunderhead,A stupid  blundering fellow.
Blunderingly,In a blundering manner.
Blunge,To amalgamate and blend; to beat up or mix in water  as clay.
Blunging,The process of mixing clay in potteries with a blunger.
Blunt,Having a thick edge or point  as an instrument; dull; not sharp.
Blunted,of Blunt
Blunting,of Blunt
Bluntish,Somewhat blunt.
Bluntness,Want of edge or point; dullness; obtuseness; want of sharpness.
Blunt-witted,Dull; stupid.
Blurred,of Blur
Blurring,of Blur
Blurry,Full of blurs; blurred.
Blurted,of Blurt
Blurting,of Blurt
Blushed,of Blush
Blushing,of Blush
Blusher,One that blushes.
Blushet,A modest girl.
Blushful,Full of blushes.
Blushless,Free from blushes; incapable of blushing; shameless; impudent.
Blushy,Like a blush; having the color of a blush; rosy.
Blustered,of Bluster
Blustering,of Bluster
Blusterer,One who  or that which blusters; a noisy swaggerer.
Blusteringly,In a blustering manner.
Blusterous,Inclined to bluster; given to blustering; blustering.
Blustrous,Blusterous.
Bo,An exclamation used to startle or frighten.
Boas,of Boa
Boanerges,Any declamatory and vociferous preacher or orator.
Boar,The uncastrated male of swine; specifically  the wild hog.
Boarded,of Board
Boarding,of Board
Boardable,That can be boarded  as a ship.
Boarish,Swinish; brutal; cruel.
Boasted,of Boast
Boasting,of Boast
Boastance,Boasting.
Boaster,One who boasts; a braggart.
Boastingly,Boastfully; with boasting.
Boastive,Presumptuous.
Boastless,Without boasting or ostentation.
Boated,of Boat
Boating,of Boat
Boatable,Such as can be transported in a boat.
Boatage,Conveyance by boat; also  a charge for such conveyance.
Boatfuls,of Boatful
Boatful,The quantity or amount that fills a boat.
Boathouse,A house for sheltering boats.
Boation,A crying out; a roaring; a bellowing; reverberation.
Boatmen,of Boatman
Boatman,A man who manages a boat; a rower of a boat.
Boatmanship,The art of managing a boat.
Boat-shaped,See Cymbiform.
Boatsman,A boatman.
Boatwomen,of Boatwoman
Boatwoman,A woman who manages a boat.
Bobbed,of Bob
Bobbing,of Bob
Bobac,The Poland marmot (Arctomys bobac).
Bobance,A boasting.
Bobber,One who  or that which bobs.
Bobbinwork,Work woven with bobbins.
Bobbish,Hearty; in good spirits.
Bobfly,The fly at the end of the leader; an end fly.
Bobsled,Alt. of Bobsleigh
Bobtail,An animal (as a horse or dog) with a short tail.
Bocal,A cylindrical glass vessel  with a large and short neck.
Bocasine,A sort of fine buckram.
Bock beer,A strong beer  originally made in Bavaria.
Bockey,A bowl or vessel made from a gourd.
Bockland,See Bookland.
Boddice,See Bodick.
Boded,of Bode
Boding,of Bode
Bodeful,Portentous; ominous.
Bodement,An omen; a prognostic.
Bodge,A botch; a patch.
Bodged,of Bodge
Bodiced,Wearing a bodice.
Bodied,Having a body; -- usually in composition; as  able-bodied.
Bodiless,Having no body.
Bodiliness,Corporeality.
Bodkin,A dagger.
Bodle,A small Scotch coin worth about one sixth of an English penny.
Bodock,The Osage orange.
Bodrage,A raid.
Bodies,of Body
Bodying,of Body
Bodyguard,A guard to protect or defend the person; a lifeguard.
Boeotian,Of or pertaining to Boeotia; hence  stupid; dull; obtuse.
Boer,A colonist or farmer in South Africa of Dutch descent.
Boes,Behoves or behooves.
Bogged,of Bog
Bogging,of Bog
Bogey,A goblin; a bugbear. See Bogy.
Boggard,A bogey.
Boggled,of Boggle
Boggling,of Boggle
Boggler,One who boggles.
Bogglish,Doubtful; skittish.
Bogle,A goblin; a specter; a frightful phantom; a bogy; a bugbear.
Bogtrotting,Living among bogs.
Bogies,of Bogy
Bogy,A specter; a hobgoblin; a bugbear.
Bohea,Bohea tea  an inferior kind of black tea. See under Tea.
Bohemia,A country of central Europe.
Bohemianism,The characteristic conduct or methods of a Bohemian.
Bohun upas,See Upas.
Boiar,See Boyar.
Boiled,of Boil
Boiling,of Boil
Boilary,See Boilery.
Boiler,One who boils.
Boilingly,With boiling or ebullition.
Bois d'arc,The Osage orange (Maclura aurantiaca).
Boist,A box.
Boisterous,Rough or rude; unbending; unyielding; strong; powerful.
Boisterously,In a boisterous manner.
Boistous,Rough or rude; coarse; strong; violent; boisterous; noisy.
Bokadam,See Cerberus.
Boke,To poke; to thrust.
Boldened,of Bolden
Bolden,To make bold; to encourage; to embolden.
Bold-faced,Somewhat impudent; lacking modesty; as  a bold-faced woman.
Boldly,In a bold manner.
Boldness,The state or quality of being bold.
Boldo,Alt. of Boldu
Bole,The trunk or stem of a tree  or that which is like it.
Bolection,A projecting molding round a panel. Same as Bilection.
Bolero,A Spanish dance  or the lively music which accompanies it.
bolete,any fungus of the family Boletaceae.
Boletic,Pertaining to  or obtained from the Boletus.
Boley,Alt. of Bolye
Bolye,Same as Booly.
Bolide,A kind of bright meteor; a bolis.
Bolivian,Of or pertaining to Bolivia.
Bolled,of Boll
Bollen,See Boln  a.
Bolling,A tree from which the branches have been cut; a pollard.
Boln,To swell; to puff.
Bologna,A city of Italy which has given its name to various objects.
Bolognese,Of or pertaining to Bologna.
Bolognian,Bolognese.
Bolstered,of Bolster
Bolstering,of Bolster
Bolsterer,A supporter.
Bolted,of Bolt
Bolting,of Bolt
Boltel,See Boultel.
Boltrope,A rope stitched to the edges of a sail to strengthen the sail.
Boltsprit,See Bowsprit.
Bolty,An edible fish of the Nile (genus Chromis).
Boluses,of Bolus
Bolus,A rounded mass of anything  esp. a large pill.
Bom,A large American serpent  so called from the sound it makes.
Bomb,A great noise; a hollow sound.
Bombace,Cotton; padding.
Bombarded,of Bombard
Bombarding,of Bombard
Bombardier,One who used or managed a bombard; an artilleryman; a gunner.
Bombardman,One who carried liquor or beer in a can or bombard.
Bombardo,Alt. of Bombardon
Bombasine,Same as Bombazine.
Bombast,Originally  cotton or cotton wool.
Bombastic,Alt. of Bombastical
Bombastical,Characterized by bombast; high-sounding; inflated.
Bombic,Pertaining to  or obtained from the silkworm; as bombic acid.
Bombilate,To hum; to buzz.
Bombilation,A humming sound; a booming.
Bombinate,To hum; to boom.
Bombination,A humming or buzzing.
Bomboloes,of Bombolo
Bombproof,Secure against the explosive force of bombs.
Bombshell,A bomb. See Bomb  n.
Bombycinous,Silken; made of silk.
Bon,Good; valid as security for something.
Bon-accord,Good will; good fellowship; agreement.
Bonair,Gentle; courteous; complaisant; yielding.
Bonapartean,Of or pertaining to Napoleon Bonaparte or his family.
Bonapartism,The policy of Bonaparte or of the Bonapartes.
Bona peritura,Perishable goods.
Bona roba,A showy wanton; a courtesan.
Bonasus,Alt. of Bonassus
Bonassus,The aurochs or European bison. See Aurochs.
Bonbon,Sugar confectionery; a sugarplum; hence  any dainty.
Bonce,A boy's game played with large marbles.
Bonchretien,A name given to several kinds of pears. See Bartlett.
Bonded,of Bond
Bonding,of Bond
Bondager,A field worker  esp. a woman who works in the field.
Bonder,One who places goods under bond or in a bonded warehouse.
Bondmen,of Bondman
Bondman,A man slave  or one bound to service without wages.
Bond servant,A slave; one who is bound to service without wages.
Bond service,The condition of a bond servant; service without wages; slavery.
Bondsmen,of Bondsman
Bondsman,A slave; a villain; a serf; a bondman.
Bondswoman,See Bondwoman.
Bonduc,See Nicker tree.
Bondwomen,of Bondwoman
Bondwoman,A woman who is a slave  or in bondage.
Boned,of Bone
Boning,of Bone
Boneache,Pain in the bones.
Boneblack,See Bone black  under Bone n.
Bonedog,The spiny dogfish.
Bonefish,See Ladyfish.
Boneless,Without bones.
Boneshaw,Sciatica.
Bonetta,See Bonito.
Bonhomie,Alt. of Bonhommie
Bonhommie,good nature; pleasant and easy manner.
Bonibell,See Bonnibel.
Boniface,An innkeeper.
Boniform,Sensitive or responsive to moral excellence.
Bonify,To convert into  or make good.
Boniness,The condition or quality of being bony.
Bonitoes,of Bonito
Bonsmots,of Bonmot
Bonmot,A witty repartee; a jest.
Bonne,A female servant charged with the care of a young child.
Bonnes bouches,of Bonne bouche
Bonne bouche,A delicious morsel or mouthful; a tidbit.
Bonnet,A headdress for men and boys; a cap.
Bonneted,Wearing a bonnet.
Bonnetless,Without a bonnet.
Bonnibel,A handsome girl.
Bonnie,See Bonny  a.
Bonnilass,A bonny lass; a beautiful girl.
Bonnily,Gayly; handsomely.
Bonniness,The quality of being bonny; gayety; handsomeness.
Bonny,Handsome; beautiful; pretty; attractively lively and graceful.
Bon Silene,A very fragrant tea rose with petals of various shades of pink.
Bonspiel,A cur/ing match between clubs.
Bon ton,The height of the fashion; fashionable society.
Bonuses,of Bonus
Bons vivants,of Bon vivant
Bon vivant,A good fellow; a jovial companion; a free liver.
Bonze,A Buddhist or Fohist priest  monk or nun.
Boobies,of Booby
Booby,A dunce; a stupid fellow.
Boobyish,Stupid; dull.
Boodh,Same as Buddha.
Boodhism,Same as Buddhism.
Boodhist,Same as Buddhist.
Boodle,The whole collection or lot; caboodle.
Boohooed,of Boohoe
Boohooing,of Boohoe
Boohoe,To bawl; to cry loudly.
Boohoo,The sailfish; -- called also woohoo.
Booked,of Book
Booking,of Book
Bookbinder,One whose occupation is to bind books.
Bookbindery,A bookbinder's shop; a place or establishment for binding books.
Bookbinding,The art  process or business of binding books.
Bookcraft,Authorship; literary skill.
Booker,One who enters accounts or names  etc. in a book; a bookkeeper.
Bookful,As much as will fill a book; a book full.
Bookholder,A prompter at a theater.
Bookland,Alt. of Bockland
Book-learned,Versed in books; having knowledge derived from books.
Bookless,Without books; unlearned.
Booklet,A little book.
Bookmen,of Bookman
Bookman,A studious man; a scholar.
Bookmate,A schoolfellow; an associate in study.
Bookmonger,A dealer in books.
Book muslin,A kind of muslin used for the covers of books.
Bookseller,One who sells books.
Bookselling,The employment of selling books.
Bookshelves,of Bookshelf
Bookshelf,A shelf to hold books.
Bookshop,A bookseller's shop.
Bookstall,A stall or stand where books are sold.
Booky,Bookish.
Boolies,of Booly
Boomed,of Boom
Booming,of Boom
Boomer,One who  or that which booms.
Boomkin,Same as Bumkin.
Boon,A prayer or petition.
Boorish,Like a boor; clownish; uncultured; unmannerly.
Boort,See Bort.
Boose,A stall or a crib for an ox  cow or other animal.
Booser,A toper; a guzzler. See Boozer.
Boosted,of Boost
Boosting,of Boost
Booted,of Boot
Booting,of Boot
Bootblack,One who blacks boots.
Bootee,A half boot or short boot.
Bootes,A northern constellation  containing the bright star Arcturus.
Boothale,To forage for booty; to plunder.
Boothose,Stocking hose  or spatterdashes in lieu of boots.
Boothy,See Bothy.
Bootikin,A little boot  legging or gaiter.
Bootjack,A device for pulling off boots.
Bootless,Unavailing; unprofitable; useless; without advantage or success.
Bootlick,A toady.
Bootmaker,One who makes boots.
Boozed,of Booze
Boozing,of Booze
Boozy,A little intoxicated; fuddled; stupid with liquor; bousy.
Borable,Capable of being bored.
Boracous,Relating to  or obtained from borax; containing borax.
Boragewort,Plant of the Borage family.
Boragineous,Relating to the Borage tribe; boraginaceous.
Boramez,See Barometz.
Borborygm,A rumbling or gurgling noise produced by wind in the bowels.
Bord,A board; a table.
Bordage,The base or servile tenure by which a bordar held his cottage.
Bordeaux,Pertaining to Bordeaux in the south of France.
Bordel,Alt. of Bordello
Bordello,A brothel; a bawdyhouse; a house devoted to prostitution.
Bordeller,A keeper or a frequenter of a brothel.
Bordered,of Border
Bordering,of Border
Bordman,A bordar; a tenant in bordage.
Bordrag,Alt. of Bordraging
Bordraging,An incursion upon the borders of a country; a raid.
Bord service,Service due from a bordar; bordage.
Bored,of Bore
Boring,of Bore
Boreas,The north wind; -- usually a personification.
Boredom,The state of being bored  or pestered; a state of ennui.
Boree,Same as BourrEe.
Borel,See Borrel.
Borer,One that bores; an instrument for boring.
Boric,Of  pertaining to or containing boron.
Boroglyceride,A compound of boric acid and glycerin  used as an antiseptic.
Boroughhead,See Headborough.
Boroughholder,A headborough; a borsholder.
Boroughmaster,The mayor  governor or bailiff of a borough.
Boroughmonger,One who buys or sells the parliamentary seats of boroughs.
Boroughmongering,Alt. of Boroughmongery
Boroughmongery,The practices of a boroughmonger.
Borracho,See Borachio.
Borrage,Alt. of Borraginaceous
Borraginaceous,See Borage  n. etc.
Borrel,Coarse woolen cloth; hence  coarse clothing; a garment.
Borrowed,of Borrow
Borrowing,of Borrow
Borrower,One who borrows.
Boruret,A boride.
Borwe,Pledge; borrow.
Bosa,A drink  used in the East. See Boza.
Bosh,Figure; outline; show.
Boshes,of Bosh
Boshbok,A kind of antelope. See Bush buck.
Boshvark,The bush hog. See under Bush  a thicket.
Bosjesman,See Bushman.
Bosk,A thicket; a small wood.
Boskage,Same as Boscage.
Bosket,Alt. of Bosquet
Boskiness,Boscage; also  the state or quality of being bosky.
Bosky,Woody or bushy; covered with boscage or thickets.
Bosomed,of Bosom
Bosoming,of Bosom
Bosomy,Characterized by recesses or sheltered hollows.
Boson,See Boatswain.
Bosporian,Of or pertaining to the Thracian or the Cimmerian Bosporus.
Bosses,of Boss
Bossed,of Boss
Bossing,of Boss
Bosset,A rudimental antler of a young male of the red deer.
Bossism,The rule or practices of bosses  esp. political bosses.
Bossy,Ornamented with bosses; studded.
Boswellism,The style of Boswell.
Bot,See Bots.
Botanic,Alt. of Botanical
Botanist,One skilled in botany; one versed in the knowledge of plants.
Botanized,of Botanize
Botanizing,of Botanize
Botanizer,One who botanizes.
Botanologer,A botanist.
Botanology,The science of botany.
Botanies,of Botany
Botches,of Botch
Botched,of Botch
Botching,of Botch
Botchedly,In a clumsy manner.
Botcher,One who mends or patches  esp. a tailor or cobbler.
Botcherly,Bungling; awkward.
Botchy,Marked with botches; full of botches; poorly done.
Boteless,Unavailing; in vain. See Bootless.
Bothered,of Bother
Bothering,of Bother
Bother,To annoy; to trouble; to worry; to perplex. See Pother.
Botherer,One who bothers.
Both-hands,A factotum.
Bothie,Same as Bothy.
Bothnian,Alt. of Bothnic
Bothy,Alt. of Boothy
Botryoid,Alt. of Botryoidal
Botryolite,A variety of datolite  usually having a botryoidal structure.
Botryose,Having the form of a cluster of grapes.
Bottine,A small boot; a lady's boot.
Bottled,of Bottle
Bottling,of Bottle
Bottle green,A dark shade of green  like that of bottle glass.
Bottle-nosed,Having the nose bottle-shaped  or large at the end.
Bottler,One who bottles wine  beer soda water etc.
Bottlescrew,A corkscrew.
Bottomed,of Bottom
Bottoming,of Bottom
Bottony,Alt. of Bottone
Botts,See Bots.
Botuliform,Having the shape of a sausage.
Bouche,Same as Bush  a lining.
Bouch,A mouth.
Bouchees,Small patties.
Boud,A weevil; a worm that breeds in malt  biscuit etc.
Bouffe,Comic opera. See Opera Bouffe.
Bouged,of Bouge
Bouge,To swell out.
Bough,An arm or branch of a tree  esp. a large arm or main branch.
Boughten,Purchased; not obtained or produced at home.
Boughty,Bending.
Bougie,A long  flexible instrument that is
Bouk,The body.
Boul,A curved handle.
Boulder,Same as Bowlder.
Bouldery,Characterized by bowlders.
Boule,Alt. of Boulework
Boulework,Same as Buhl  Buhlwork.
Bouleversement,Complete overthrow; disorder; a turning upside down.
Buolt,Corrupted form Bolt.
Boultel,Alt. of Boultin
Boulter,A long  stout fishing line to which many hooks are attached.
Boun,Ready; prepared; destined; tending.
Bounced,of Bounce
Bouncing,of Bounce
Bouncingly,With a bounce.
Bounded,of Bound
Bounding,of Bound
Boundaries,of Boundary
Bounder,One who  or that which limits; a boundary.
Boundless,Without bounds or confines; illimitable; vast; unlimited.
Bountiful,Free in giving; liberal in bestowing gifts and favors.
Bountihead,Alt. of Bountyhood
Bountyhood,Goodness; generosity.
Bounties,of Bounty
Bounty,Goodness  kindness; virtue; worth.
Bouquet,A nosegay; a bunch of flowers.
Bouquetin,The ibex.
Bour,A chamber or a cottage.
Bourbonist,One who adheres to the house of Bourbon; a legitimist.
Bourbon whisky,See under Whisky.
Bourd,A jest.
Bourder,A jester.
Bourdon,A pilgrim's staff.
Bourgeois,A size of type between long primer and brevier. See Type.
Bourgeon,To sprout; to put forth buds; to shoot forth  as a branch.
Bourn,Alt. of Bourne
Bourne,A stream or rivulet; a burn.
Bournless,Without a bourn or limit.
Bournous,See Burnoose.
Bourree,An old French dance tune in common time.
Bouse,To drink immoderately; to carouse; to booze. See Booze.
Bouser,A toper; a boozer.
Boustrophedonic,Relating to the boustrophedon made of writing.
Boustorphic,Boustrophedonic.
Bousy,Drunken; sotted; boozy.
Boutade,An outbreak; a caprice; a whim.
Boutefeu,An incendiary; an inciter of quarrels.
Boutonniere,A bouquet worn in a buttonhole.
Boviform,Resembling an ox in form; ox-shaped.
Bowed,of Bow
Bowing,of Bow
Bowbell,One born within hearing distance of Bow-bells; a cockney.
Bow-bells,The bells of Bow Church in London; cockneydom.
Bowbent,Bent  like a bow.
Bow-compasses,of Bow-compass
Bow-compass,An arcograph.
Boweled,of Bowel
Bowelled,of Bowel
Boweling,of Bowel
Bowelling,of Bowel
Bowelless,Without pity.
Bower,One who bows or bends.
Bowery,Shading  like a bower; full of bowers.
Boweries,of Bowery
Bowess,Same as Bower.
Bowge,To swell out. See Bouge.
Bow hand,The hand that holds the bow  i. e. the left hand.
Bowingly,In a bending manner.
Bowled,of Bowl
Bowling,of Bowl
Bowlder,Alt. of Boulder
Bowldery,Characterized by bowlders.
Bowleg,A crooked leg.
Bowl-legged,Having crooked legs  esp. with the knees bent outward.
Bowless,Destitute of a bow.
Bowls,See Bowl  a ball a game.
Bowmen,of Bowman
Bowman,A man who uses a bow; an archer.
Bowne,To make ready; to prepare; to dress.
Bow oar,The oar used by the bowman.
Bow-pen,Bow-compasses carrying a drawing pen. See Bow-compass.
Bow-pencil,Bow-compasses  one leg of which carries a pencil.
Bow-saw,A saw with a thin or narrow blade set in a strong frame.
Bowse,To carouse; to bouse; to booze.
Bowshot,The distance traversed by an arrow shot from a bow.
Bowstring,The string of a bow.
Bowstringed,of Bowstring
Bowstrung,of Bowstring
Bowstringing,of Bowstring
Bowtel,See Boultel.
Bowwow,An onomatopoetic name for a dog or its bark.
Bowyer,An archer; one who uses bow.
Boxes,of Box
Boxed,of Box
Boxing,of Box
Boxberry,The wintergreen. (Gaultheria procumbens).
Boxen,Made of boxwood; pertaining to  or resembling the box (Buxus).
Boxer,One who packs boxes.
Boxfish,The trunkfish.
Boxhauled,of Boxhaul
Boxhauling,A method of going from one tack to another. See Boxhaul.
Box-iron,A hollow smoothing iron containing a heater within.
Boxkeeper,An attendant at a theater who has charge of the boxes.
Boxthorn,A plant of the genus Lycium  esp. Lycium barbarum.
Boxwood,The wood of the box (Buxus).
Boyar,Alt. of Boyard
Boyaux,of Boyau
Boyaus,of Boyau
Boycotted,of Boycott
Boycotting,of Boycott
Boycotter,A participant in boycotting.
Boycottism,Methods of boycotters.
Boydekin,A dagger; a bodkin.
Boyer,A Flemish sloop with a castle at each end.
Boyhood,The state of being a boy; the time during which one is a boy.
Boyishly,In a boyish manner; like a boy.
Boyishness,The manners or behavior of a boy.
Boyism,Boyhood.
Boyle's law,See under Law.
Brabantine,Pertaining to Brabant  an ancient province of the Netherlands.
Brabble,To clamor; to contest noisily.
Brabblement,A brabble.
Brabbler,A clamorous  quarrelsome noisy fellow; a wrangler.
Braccate,Furnished with feathers which conceal the feet.
Braced,of Brace
Bracing,of Brace
Bracer,That which braces  binds or makes firm; a band or bandage.
Brach,A bitch of the hound kind.
Brachelytra,A group of beetles having short elytra  as the rove beetles.
Brachia,See Brachium.
Brachioganoid,One of the Brachioganoidei.
Brachiopod,One of the Brachiopoda  or its shell.
Bracchia,of Brachium
Brachman,See Brahman.
Brachycatalectic,A verse wanting two syllables at its termination.
Brachycephalic,Alt. of Brachycephalous
Brachycephaly,Alt. of Brachycephalism
Brachyceral,Having short antennae  as certain insects.
Brachydiagonal,Pertaining to the shorter diagonal  as of a rhombic prism.
Brachydome,A dome parallel to the shorter lateral axis. See Dome.
Brachygrapher,A writer in short hand; a stenographer.
Brachygraphy,Stenography.
Brachylogy,Conciseness of expression; brevity.
Brachyptera,A group of Coleoptera having short wings; the rove beetles.
Brachypteres,A group of birds  including auks divers and penguins.
Brachypterous,Having short wings.
Brachytypous,Of a short form.
Brachyural,Alt. of Brachyurous
Brachyurous,Of or pertaining to the Brachyura.
Brachyuran,One of the Brachyura.
Bracken,A brake or fern.
Bracketed,of Bracket
Bracketing,of Bracket
Brackish,Saltish  or salt in a moderate degree as water in saline soil.
Brackishness,The quality or state of being brackish  or somewhat salt.
Bracky,Brackish.
Bractea,A bract.
Bracteal,Having the nature or appearance of a bract.
Bracteate,Having a bract or bracts.
Bracted,Furnished with bracts.
Bracteolate,Furnished with bracteoles or bractlets.
Bracteole,Same as Bractlet.
Bractless,Destitute of bracts.
Bradoon,Same as Bridoon.
Brae,A hillside; a slope; a bank; a hill.
Bragged,of Brag
Bragging,of Brag
Braggadocio,A braggart; a boaster; a swaggerer.
Braggardism,Boastfulness; act of bragging.
Braggart,A boaster.
Bragger,One who brags; a boaster.
Bragget,A liquor made of ale and honey fermented  with spices etc.
Braggingly,Boastingly.
Bragless,Without bragging.
Bragly,In a manner to be bragged of; finely; proudly.
Brahmans,of Brahmin
Brahmins,of Brahmin
Brahman,Alt. of Brahmin
Brahmin,A person of the highest or sacerdotal caste among the Hindoos.
Brahmaness,A Brahmani.
Brahmani,Any Brahman woman.
Brahmanic,Alt. of ical
Brahminic,Alt. of ical
Brahmanism,Alt. of Brahminism
Brahmanist,Alt. of Brahminist
Brahminist,An adherent of the religion of the Brahmans.
Brahmoism,The religious system of Brahmo-somaj.
Brahmo-somaj,A modern reforming theistic sect among the Hindoos.
Braided,of Braid
Braiding,of Braid
Brail,A thong of soft leather to bind up a hawk's wing.
Brained,of Brain
Braining,of Brain
Brainish,Hot-headed; furious.
Brainless,Without understanding; silly; thoughtless; witless.
Brainpan,The bones which inclose the brain; the skull; the cranium.
Brainsick,Disordered in the understanding; giddy; thoughtless.
Brainsickly,In a brainsick manner.
Brainy,Having an active or vigorous mind.
Braise,Alt. of Braize
Braiser,A kettle or pan for braising.
Brait,A rough diamond.
Brake,imp. of Break.
Brakemen,of Brakeman
Brakeman,A man in charge of a brake or brakes.
Brama,See Brahma.
Bramble bush,The bramble  or a collection of brambles growing together.
Brambled,Overgrown with brambles.
Bramble net,A net to catch birds.
Brambly,Pertaining to  resembling or full of brambles.
Brame,Sharp passion; vexation.
Bramin,Alt. of Braminic
Braminic,See Brahman  Brachmanic etc.
Brancard,A litter on which a person may be carried.
Branches,of Branch
Branched,of Branch
Branching,of Branch
Branchery,A system of branches.
Branchiae,of Branchia
Branchial,Of or pertaining to branchiae or gills.
Branchiate,Furnished with branchiae; as  branchiate segments.
Branchiferous,Having gills; branchiate; as  branchiferous gastropods.
Branchiness,Fullness of branches.
Branchiomerism,The state of being made up of branchiate segments.
Branchiopod,One of the Branchiopoda.
Branchiostegal,Pertaining to the membrane covering the gills of fishes.
Branchiostege,The branchiostegal membrane. See Illustration in Appendix.
Branchiostegous,Branchiostegal.
Branchiostoma,The lancelet. See Amphioxus.
Branchlet,A little branch; a twig.
Branded,of Brand
Branding,of Brand
Brander,One who  or that which brands; a branding iron.
Branding iron,An iron to brand with.
Brand iron,A branding iron.
Brandished,of Brandish
Brandishing,of Brandish
Brandisher,One who brandishes.
Brandle,To shake; to totter.
Brandling,Alt. of Brandlin
Brandlin,Same as Branlin  fish and worm.
Brand-new,Quite new; bright as if fresh from the forge.
Brandies,of Brandy
Brandywine,Brandy.
Brangle,A wrangle; a squabble; a noisy contest or dispute.
Brangled,of Brangle
Brangling,of Brangle
Branglement,Wrangle; brangle.
Brangler,A quarrelsome person.
Brank,Buckwheat.
Branks,A sort of bridle with wooden side pieces.
Brankursine,Bear's-breech  or Acanthus.
Bran-new,See Brand-new.
Branny,Having the appearance of bran; consisting of or containing bran.
Bransle,A brawl or dance.
Branular,Relating to the brain; cerebral.
Brasen,Same as Brazen.
Brash,Hasty in temper; impetuous.
Brasier,Alt. of Brazier
Brazier,An artificer who works in brass.
Brasses,of Brass
Brassets,See Brassart.
Brassiness,The state  condition or quality of being brassy.
Brass-visaged,Impudent; bold.
Brast,To burst.
Brat,A coarse garment or cloak; also  coarse clothing in general.
Bratsche,The tenor viola  or viola.
Brattice,A wall of separation in a shaft or gallery used for ventilation.
Brattishing,See Brattice  n.
Bravade,Bravado.
Bravadoes,of Bravado
Bravado,Boastful and threatening behavior; a boastful menace.
Braved,of Brave
Braving,of Brave
Braveness,The quality of state or being brave.
Bravery,The quality of being brave; fearless; intrepidity.
Bravingly,In a defiant manner.
Bravoes,of Bravo
Brawled,of Brawl
Brawling,of Brawl
Brawl,To quarrel noisily and outrageously.
Brawler,One that brawls; wrangler.
Brawlingly,In a brawling manner.
Brawn,A muscle; flesh.
Brawned,Brawny; strong; muscular.
Brawner,A boor killed for the table.
Brawniness,The quality or state of being brawny.
Brawny,Having large  strong muscles; muscular; fleshy; strong.
Brayed,of Bray
Braying,of Bray
Bray,To pound  beat rub or grind small or fine.
Brayer,An implement for braying and spreading ink in hand printing.
Brazed,of Braze
Brazing,of Braze
Brazen,Pertaining to  made of or resembling brass.
Brazened,of Brazen
Brazening,of Brazen
Brazen-browed,Shamelessly impudent.
Brazenface,An impudent or shameless person.
Brazenfaced,Impudent; shameless.
Brazenly,In a bold  impudent manner.
Brazenness,The quality or state of being brazen.
Braziletto,See Brazil wood.
Brazilian,Of or pertaining to Brazil.
Breach,The act of breaking  in a figurative sense.
Breached,of Breach
Breaching,of Breach
Bread,To spread.
Breadbasket,The stomach.
Breadcorn,Corn of grain of which bread is made  as wheat rye etc.
Breaded,Braided
Breaden,Made of bread.
Breadless,Without bread; destitute of food.
Breadstuff,Grain  flour or meal of which bread is made.
Breadthless,Without breadth.
Breadthways,Breadthwise.
Breadthwise,In the direction of the breadth.
broke,of Break
Broken,of Break
Broke,of Break
Breaking,of Break
Breakable,Capable of being broken.
Breakage,The act of breaking; a break; a breaking; also  articles broken.
Breakbone fever,See Dengue.
Break-circuit,A key or other device for breaking an electrical circuit.
Breakdown,The act or result of breaking down  as of a carriage; downfall.
Breaker,One who  or that which breaks.
breakfasted,of Breakfast
Breakfasting,of Breakfast
Breakman,See Brakeman.
Breakneck,A fall that breaks the neck.
Breamed,of Bream
Breaming,of Bream
Breasted,of Breast
Breasting,of Breast
Breastbeam,The front transverse beam of a locomotive.
Breastbone,The bone of the breast; the sternum.
Breast-deep,Deep as from the breast to the feet; as high as the breast.
Breast-high,High as the breast.
Breastknot,A knot of ribbons worn on the breast.
Breastplate,A plate of metal covering the breast as defensive armor.
Breastplow,Alt. of Breastplough
Breastrope,See Breastband.
Breathable,Such as can be breathed.
Breathableness,State of being breathable.
Breathed,of Breathe
Breathing,of Breathe
Breathe,To respire; to inhale and exhale air; hence;  to live.
Breathful,Full of breath; full of odor; fragrant.
Breathless,Spent with labor or violent action; out of breath.
Breathlessly,In a breathless manner.
Breathlessness,The state of being breathless or out of breath.
Bred,imp. & p. p. of Breed.
Brede,Alt. of Breede
Breede,Breadth.
Breech,The lower part of the body behind; the buttocks.
Breeched,of Breech
Breeching,of Breech
Breechcloth,A cloth worn around the breech.
Breechloader,A firearm which receives its load at the breech.
Breech-loading,Receiving the charge at the breech instead of at the muzzle.
Breech pin,Alt. of Breech screw
Breeding,of Breed
Breedbate,One who breeds or originates quarrels.
Breeder,One who  or that which breeds produces brings up etc.
Breeze,Alt. of Breeze fly
Breezeless,Motionless; destitute of breezes.
Breeziness,State of being breezy.
Breezy,Characterized by  or having breezes; airy.
Bregmatic,Pertaining to the bregma.
Brehon,An ancient Irish or Scotch judge.
Breme,Fierce; sharp; severe; cruel.
Brent,of Brenne
Brenning,of Brenne
Bren,Alt. of Brenne
Brenne,To burn.
Brenningly,Burningly; ardently.
Brequet chain,A watch-guard.
Brere,A brier.
Brest,for Bursteth.
Brusten,of Breste
Borsten,of Breste
Bursten,of Breste
Breste,To burst.
Brestsummer,See Breastsummer.
Bret,See Birt.
Bretful,Brimful.
Brethren,pl. of Brother.
Breton,Of or relating to Brittany  or Bretagne in France.
Brett,Same as Britzska.
Brettices,of Brettice
Bretzel,See Pretzel.
Brevetted,of Brevet
Brevetting,of Brevet
Brevetcies,of Brevetcy
Brevetcy,The rank or condition of a brevet officer.
Breviaries,of Breviary
Breviate,A short compend; a summary; a brief statement.
Breviature,An abbreviature; an abbreviation.
Brevier,A size of type between bourgeois and minion.
Breviloquence,A brief and pertinent mode of speaking.
Breviped,Having short legs.
Brevipen,A brevipennate bird.
Brevirostral,Alt. of Brevirostrate
Brevirostrate,Short-billed; having a short beak.
Brevities,of Brevity
Brewed,of Brew
Brewing,of Brew
Brew,To boil or seethe; to cook.
Brewage,Malt liquor; drink brewed.
Brewer,One who brews; one whose occupation is to prepare malt liquors.
Brewhouse,A house or building appropriated to brewing; a brewery.
Brewis,Broth or pottage.
Brezilin,See Brazilin.
Briar,Same as Brier.
Bribable,Capable of being bribed.
Bribe,A gift begged; a present.
Bribed,of Bribe
Bribing,of Bribe
Bribeless,Incapable of being bribed; free from bribes.
Briber,A thief.
Briberies,of Bribery
Bribery,Robbery; extortion.
Bricked,of Brick
Bricking,of Brick
Brickbat,A piece or fragment of a brick. See Bat  4.
Bricklayer,One whose occupation is to build with bricks.
Brickle,Brittle; easily broken.
Brickleness,Brittleness.
Brickmaker,One whose occupation is to make bricks.
Brickwork,Anything made of bricks.
Brickyard,A place where bricks are made  especially an inclosed place.
Brid,A bird.
Bridalty,Celebration of the nuptial feast.
Bride,A woman newly married  or about to be married.
Bride-ale,A rustic wedding feast; a bridal. See Ale.
Bridebed,The marriage bed.
Bridechamber,The nuptial apartment.
Bridegroom,A man newly married  or just about to be married.
Brideknot,A knot of ribbons worn by a guest at a wedding; a wedding favor.
Bridemaid,Alt. of Brideman
Brideman,See Bridesmaid  Bridesman.
Bridesmaid,A female friend who attends on a bride at her wedding.
Bridesmen,of Bridesman
Bridged,of Bridge
Bridging,of Bridge
Bridgeless,Having no bridge; not bridged.
Bridgepot,The adjustable socket  or step of a millstone spindle.
Bridge-ward,A bridge keeper; a warden or a guard for a bridge.
Bridgey,Full of bridges.
Bridled,of Bridle
Bridling,of Bridle
Brief,Short in duration.
Briefless,Having no brief; without clients; as  a briefless barrister.
Briefly,Concisely; in few words.
Briefman,One who makes a brief.
Brier,Alt. of Briar
Briered,Set with briers.
Briery,Full of briers; thorny.
Brig,A bridge.
Brigaded,of Brigade
Brigading,of Brigade
Brigand,A light-armed  irregular foot soldier.
Brigandage,Life and practice of brigands; highway robbery; plunder.
Brigandish,Like a brigand or freebooter; robberlike.
Brigandism,Brigandage.
Brigantine,A practical vessel.
Brigge,A bridge.
Bright,See Brite  v. i.
Brightened,of Brighten
Brightening,of Brighten
Bright-harnessed,Having glittering armor.
Brightsome,Bright; clear; luminous; brilliant.
Brigose,Contentious; quarrelsome.
Brigue,A cabal  intrigue faction contention strife or quarrel.
Brike,A breach; ruin; downfall; peril.
Brillante,In a gay  showy and sparkling style.
Brillance,Brilliancy.
Brilliantly,In a brilliant manner.
Brilliantness,Brilliancy; splendor; glitter.
Brills,The hair on the eyelids of a horse.
Brimmed,of Brim
Brimming,of Brim
Brimful,Full to the brim; completely full; ready to overflow.
Brimless,Having no brim; as  brimless caps.
Brimmer,A brimful bowl; a bumper.
Brimstone,Sulphur; See Sulphur.
Brimstony,Containing or resembling brimstone; sulphurous.
Brindle,The state of being brindled.
Brindled,Having dark streaks or spots on a gray or tawny ground; brinded.
Brought,of Bring
Bringing,of Bring
Bringer,One who brings.
Brininess,The state or quality of being briny; saltness; brinishness.
Brinish,Like brine; somewhat salt; saltish.
Brinishness,State or quality of being brinish.
Brinjaree,A rough-haired East Indian variety of the greyhound.
Briony,See Bryony.
Briskly,In a brisk manner; nimbly.
Bristle,A short  stiff coarse hair as on the back of swine.
Bristled,of Bristle
Bristling,of Bristle
Bristle-pointed,Terminating in a very fine  sharp point as some leaves.
Bristle-shaped,Resembling a bristle in form; as  a bristle-shaped leaf.
Bristliness,The quality or state of having bristles.
Bristol,A seaport city in the west of England.
Brit,Alt. of Britt
Brite,Alt. of Bright
Briton,British.
Brittle,Easily broken; apt to break; fragile; not tough or tenacious.
Brittlely,In a brittle manner.
Brittleness,Aptness to break; fragility.
Brittle star,Any species of ophiuran starfishes. See Ophiuroidea.
Brize,The breeze fly. See Breeze.
Broach,A spit.
Broached,of Broach
Broaching,of Broach
Broacher,A spit; a broach.
Broadax Broadaxe,An ancient military weapon; a battle-ax.
Broad-brimmed,Having a broad brim.
Broadened,of Broaden
Broadening,of Broaden
Broaden,To grow broad; to become broader or wider.
Broad-horned,Having horns spreading widely.
Broadish,Rather broad; moderately broad.
Broad-leaved,Alt. of Broad-leafed
Broad-leafed,Having broad  or relatively broad leaves.
Broadly,In a broad manner.
Broadspread,Widespread.
Broadspreading,Spreading widely.
Broadsword,A sword with a broad blade and a cutting edge; a claymore.
Broadwise,Breadthwise.
Brobdingnagian,Colossal; of extraordinary height; gigantic.
Brocage,See Brokkerage.
Brocatello,Same as Brocatel.
Brochantite,A basic sulphate of copper  occurring in emerald-green crystals.
Broche,Woven with a figure; as  broche goods.
Brock,A badger.
Brocket,A male red deer two years old; -- sometimes called brock.
Brockish,Beastly; brutal.
Brodekin,A buskin or half-boot.
Brogan,A stout  coarse shoe; a brogue.
Broggle,To sniggle  or fish with a brog.
Brogue,A stout  coarse shoe; a brogan.
Brogues,Breeches.
Broid,To braid.
Broidered,of Broider
Broider,To embroider.
Broiderer,One who embroiders.
Broidery,Embroidery.
Broiled,of Broil
Broiling,of Broil
Brokage,See Brokerage.
Broken-backed,Having a broken back; as  a broken-backed chair.
Broken-bellied,Having a ruptured belly.
Broken-hearted,Having the spirits depressed or crushed by grief or despair.
Brokenness,The state or quality of being broken; unevenness.
Broken wind,The heaves.
Broken-winded,Having short breath or disordered respiration  as a horse.
Broker,One who transacts business for another; an agent.
Brokerage,The business or employment of a broker.
Brokerly,Mean; servile.
Brokery,The business of a broker.
Broking,Of or pertaining to a broker or brokers  or to brokerage.
Broma,Aliment; food.
Bromate,A salt of bromic acid.
Bromatologist,One versed in the science of foods.
Bromatology,The science of aliments.
Brome,See Bromine.
Bromide,A compound of bromine with a positive radical.
Brominate,See Bromate  v. t.
Bromuret,See Bromide.
Bromyrite,Silver bromide  a rare mineral; -- called also bromargyrite.
Bronchi,See Bronchus.
Bronchial,Belonging to the bronchi and their ramifications in the lungs.
Bronchic,Bronchial.
Bronchiole,A minute bronchial tube.
Bronchitic,Of or pertaining to bronchitis; as  bronchitic inflammation.
Broncho,A native or a Mexican horse of small size.
Bronchocele,See Goiter.
Broncho-pneumonia,Inflammation of the bronchi and lungs; catarrhal pneumonia.
Bronchotome,An instrument for cutting into the bronchial tubes.
Bronco,Same as Broncho.
Brond,A sword.
Brontolite,Alt. of Brontolith
Brontolith,An aerolite.
Brontology,A treatise upon thunder.
Bronzed,of Bronze
Bronzing,of Bronze
Bronzine,A metal so prepared as to have the appearance of bronze.
Bronzist,One who makes  imitates collects or deals in bronzes.
Bronzy,Like bronze.
Brooded,of Brood
Brooding,of Brood
Broody,Inclined to brood.
Brook,A natural stream of water smaller than a river or creek.
Brooked,of Brook
Brooking,of Brook
Brooklet,A small brook.
Brook mint,See Water mint.
Brookside,The bank of a brook.
Broomstaff,A broomstick.
Broomstick,A stick used as a handle of a broom.
Brotel,Brittle.
Brotelness,Brittleness.
Brotheler,One who frequents brothels.
Brothelry,Lewdness; obscenity; a brothel.
Brothers,of Brother
Brothered,of Brother
Brotherhood,The state of being brothers or a brother.
Brothers-in-law,of Brother-in-law
Brotherliness,The state or quality of being brotherly.
Brouded,Braided; broidered.
Browbeat,of Browbeat
Browbeaten,of Browbeat
Browbeating,of Browbeat
Browbound,Crowned; having the head encircled as with a diadem.
Browdyng,Embroidery.
Browless,Without shame.
Browned,of Brown
Browning,of Brown
Brownback,The dowitcher or red-breasted snipe. See Dowitcher.
Brown bill,A bill or halberd of the 16th and 17th centuries. See 4th Bill.
Brownish,Somewhat brown.
Brownism,The views or teachings of Robert Brown of the Brownists.
Brownness,The quality or state of being brown.
Brownstone,A dark variety of sandstone  much used for building purposes.
Browny,Brown or  somewhat brown.
Browpost,A beam that goes across a building.
Browsed,of Browse
Browsing,of Browse
Browser,An animal that browses.
Browsewood,Shrubs and bushes upon which animals browse.
Bruang,The Malayan sun bear.
Bruckeled,Wet and dirty; begrimed.
Bruh,The rhesus monkey. See Rhesus.
Bruin,A bear; -- so called in popular tales and fables.
Bruised,of Bruise
Bruising,of Bruise
Bruiser,One who  or that which bruises.
Bruit,Report; rumor; fame.
Bruited,of Bruit
Bruiting,of Bruit
Brumal,Of or pertaining to winter.
Brume,Mist; fog; vapors.
Brummagem,Counterfeit; gaudy but worthless; sham.
Brumous,Foggy; misty.
Brun,Same as Brun  a brook.
Brunette,A girl or woman with a somewhat brown or dark complexion.
Brunion,A nectarine.
Brunswick black,See Japan black.
Brushed,of Brush
Brushing,of Brush
Brusher,One who  or that which brushes.
Brushwood,Brush; a thicket or coppice of small trees and shrubs.
Brushy,Resembling a brush; shaggy; rough.
Brusk,Same as Brusque.
Brustled,of Brustle
Brustling,of Brustle
Brustle,To crackle; to rustle  as a silk garment.
Brut,To browse.
Bruta,See Edentata.
Brutal,Of or pertaining to a brute; as  brutal nature.
Brutalism,Brutish quality; brutality.
Brutalities,of Brutality
Brutalization,The act or process of making brutal; state of being brutalized.
Brutalized,of Brutalize
Brutalizing,of Brutalize
Brutalize,To make brutal; beasty; unfeeling; or inhuman.
Brutally,In a brutal manner; cruelly.
Brutely,In a rude or violent manner.
Bruteness,Brutality.
Brutified,of Brutify
Brutifying,of Brutify
Bruting,Browsing.
Bryological,Relating to bryology; as  bryological studies.
Bryologist,One versed in bryology.
Bryology,That part of botany which relates to mosses.
Bryophyta,See Cryptogamia.
Bryozoan,Of or pertaining to the Bryozoa.
Buat,A lantern; also  the moon.
Bub,Strong malt liquor.
Bubaline,Resembling a buffalo.
Bubbled,of Bubble
Bubbling,of Bubble
Bubbler,To cheat; to deceive.
Bubbly,Abounding in bubbles; bubbling.
Bubby,A woman's breast.
Buboes,of Bubo
Bubonic,Of or pertaining to a bubo or buboes; characterized by buboes.
Bubukle,A red pimple.
Buccal,Of or pertaining to the mouth or cheeks.
Buccaneerish,Like a buccaneer; piratical.
Buccinal,Shaped or sounding like a trumpet; trumpetlike.
Bucentaur,A fabulous monster  half ox half man.
Buceros,A genus of large perching birds; the hornbills.
Bucholzite,Same as Fibrolite.
Bucked,of Buck
Bucking,of Buck
Buck-basket,A basket in which clothes are carried to the wash.
Bucker,One who bucks ore.
Buckety,Paste used by weavers to dress their webs.
Buck-eyed,Having bad or speckled eyes.
Buckhound,A hound for hunting deer.
Buckish,Dandified; foppish.
Buckled,of Buckle
Buckling,of Buckle
Buckler-headed,Having a head like a buckler.
Buckskin,The skin of a buck.
Buckstall,A toil or net to take deer.
Bucktooth,Any tooth that juts out.
Bucolical,Bucolic.
Bucrania,of Bucranium
Budded,of Bud
Budding,of Bud
Buddhist,One who accepts the teachings of Buddhism.
Buddhistic,Same as Buddhist  a.
Budged,of Budge
Budging,of Budge
Budge,To move off; to stir; to walk away.
Budgeness,Sternness; severity.
Budger,One who budges.
Budgy,Consisting of fur.
Budlet,A little bud springing from a parent bud.
Buffa,The comic actress in an opera.
Buffaloes,of Buffalo
Buffeted,of Buffet
Buffeting,of Buffet
Buffeter,One who buffets; a boxer.
Buffin,A sort of coarse stuff; as  buffin gowns.
Buffing apparatus,See Buffer  1.
Buffle,The buffalo.
Bufflehead,One who has a large head; a heavy  stupid fellow.
Buffle-headed,Having a large head  like a buffalo; dull; stupid; blundering.
Buffo,The comic actor in an opera.
Buffooneries,of Buffoonery
Buffoonish,Like a buffoon; consisting in low jests or gestures.
Buffoonism,The practices of a buffoon; buffoonery.
Buffoonly,Low; vulgar.
Buffy,Resembling  or characterized by buff.
Bufo,A genus of Amphibia including various species of toads.
Bug,A bugbear; anything which terrifies.
Bugaboo,Alt. of Bugbear
Bugfish,The menhaden.
Bugger,One guilty of buggery or unnatural vice; a sodomite.
Buggery,Unnatural sexual intercourse; sodomy.
Bugginess,The state of being infested with bugs.
Buggy,Infested or abounding with bugs.
Buggies,of Buggy
Bugle,A sort of wild ox; a buffalo.
Bugled,Ornamented with bugles.
Bugle horn,A bugle.
Bugler,One who plays on a bugle.
Buglosses,of Bugloss
Bugwort,Bugbane.
Buhl,Alt. of Buhlwork
Buhlbuhl,See Bulbul.
Buhrstone,A cellular  flinty rock used for mill stones.
Built,of Build
Building,of Build
Builded,of Build
Buke muslin,See Book muslin.
Bukshish,See Backsheesh.
Bulbaceous,Bulbous.
Bulbed,Having a bulb; round-headed.
Bulbel,A separable bulb formed on some flowering plants.
Bulbiferous,Producing bulbs.
Bulbose,Bulbous.
Bulbo-tuber,A corm.
Bulbule,A small bulb; a bulblet.
Bulchin,A little bull.
Bulge,The bilge or protuberant part of a cask.
Bulged,of Bulge
Bulging,of Bulge
Bulgy,Bulged; bulging; bending  or tending to bend outward.
Bulimia,Alt. of Bulimy
Bulked,of Bulk
Bulking,of Bulk
Bulkiness,Greatness in bulk; size.
Bullae,of Bulla
Bullantic,Pertaining to  or used in papal bulls.
Bullary,A collection of papal bulls.
Bullaries,of Bullary
Bullate,Appearing as if blistered; inflated; puckered.
Bullcomber,A scaraboid beetle; esp. the Typhaeus vulgaris of Europe.
Bulldozed,of Bulldoze
Bulldozing,of Bulldoze
Bulldozer,One who bulldozes.
Bulled,Swollen.
Bullen-bullen,The lyre bird.
Bullen-nail,A nail with a round head and short shank  tinned and lacquered.
Bullet,A small ball.
Bullet-proof,Capable of resisting the force of a bullet.
Bullfaced,Having a large face.
Bullfeast,See Bullfight.
Bullfight,Alt. of Bullfighting
Bullfist,Alt. of Bullfice
Bullfice,A kind of fungus. See Puffball.
Bull fly,Alt. of Bullfly
Bullion,Uncoined gold or silver in the mass.
Bullirag,To intimidate by bullying; to rally contemptuously; to badger.
Bullish,Partaking of the nature of a bull  or a blunder.
Bullist,A writer or drawer up of papal bulls.
Bullition,The action of boiling; boiling. [Obs.] See Ebullition.
Bull-necked,Having a short and thick neck like that of a bull.
Bullock,A young bull  or any male of the ox kind.
Bullock's-eye,See Bull's-eye  3.
Bullon,A West Indian fish (Scarus Croicensis).
Bullpout,See Bullhead  1 (b).
Bull's-nose,An external angle when obtuse or rounded.
Bullweed,Knapweed.
Bullwort,See Bishop's-weed.
Bullies,of Bully
Bullied,of Bully
Bullying,of Bully
Bullyrag,Same as Bullirag.
Bullyrock,A bully.
Bulrush,A kind of large rush  growing in wet land or in water.
Bulse,A purse or bag in which to carry or measure diamonds  etc.
Bultel,A bolter or bolting cloth; also  bran.
Bulti,Same as Bolty.
Bulwark,A rampart; a fortification; a bastion or outwork.
Bulwarked,of Bulwark
Bulwarking,of Bulwark
Bum,The buttock.
Bummed,of Bum
Bumming,of Bum
Bumbailiff,See Bound bailiff  under Bound a.
Bumbard,See Bombard.
Bumbarge,See Bumboat.
Bumbast,See Bombast.
Bumbeloes,of Bumbelo
Bumbelo,A glass used in subliming camphor.
Bumble,The bittern.
Bummery,See Bottomery.
Bumped,of Bump
Bumping,of Bump
Bumpkin,An awkward  heavy country fellow; a clown; a country lout.
Bumptious,Self-conceited; forward; pushing.
Bumptiousness,Conceitedness.
Bun,Alt. of Bunn
Bunch,A protuberance; a hunch; a knob or lump; a hump.
Bunched,of Bunch
Bunching,of Bunch
Bunch-backed,Having a bunch on the back; crooked.
Bunchiness,The quality or condition of being bunchy; knobbiness.
Bunchy,Swelling out in bunches.
Buncombe,Alt. of Bunkum
Bund,League; confederacy; esp. the confederation of German states.
Bundled,of Bundle
Bundling,of Bundle
Bung,The large stopper of the orifice in the bilge of a cask.
Bunged,of Bung
Bunging,of Bung
Bunghole,See Bung  n. 2.
Bungled,of Bungle
Bungling,of Bungle
Bungle,To act or work in a clumsy  awkward manner.
Bungler,A clumsy  awkward workman; one who bungles.
Bunglingly,Clumsily; awkwardly.
Bunion,Same as Bunyon.
Bunked,of Bunk
Bunking,of Bunk
Bunnian,See Bunyon.
Bunodonta,Alt. of Bunodonts
Bunsen's battery,Alt. of Bunsen's burner
Bunsen's burner,See under Battery  and Burner.
Bunyon,Alt. of Bunion
Buoyed,of Buoy
Buoying,of Buoy
Buoyance,Buoyancy.
Buoyancies,of Buoyancy
Bur,Alt. of Burr
Burbolt,A birdbolt.
Burdelais,A sort of grape.
Burden,That which is borne or carried; a load.
Burdened,of Burden
Burdening,of Burden
Burdener,One who loads; an oppressor.
Burdenous,Burdensome.
Burdensome,Grievous to be borne; causing uneasiness or fatigue; oppressive.
Burdon,A pilgrim's staff.
Bureaus,of Bureau
Bureaux,of Bureau
Bureau,Originally  a desk or writing table with drawers for papers.
Bureaucratic,Alt. of Bureaucratical
Bureaucratical,Of  relating to or resembling a bureaucracy.
Bureaucratist,An advocate for   or supporter of bureaucracy.
Burel,Same as Borrel.
Burg,A fortified town.
Burgall,A small marine fish; -- also called cunner.
Burgamot,See Bergamot.
Burganet,See Burgonet.
Burgee,A kind of small coat.
Burgeois,See 1st Bourgeois.
Burgeon,To bud. See Bourgeon.
Burgess-ship,The state of privilege of a burgess.
Burghal,Belonging to a burgh.
Burghermaster,See Burgomaster.
Burghership,The state or privileges of a burgher.
Burghmaster,A burgomaster.
Burglar,One guilty of the crime of burglary.
Burglarer,A burglar.
Burglarious,Pertaining to burglary; constituting the crime of burglary.
Burglariously,With an intent to commit burglary; in the manner of a burglar.
Burglaries,of Burglary
Burgonet,A kind of helmet.
Burgoo,A kind of oatmeal pudding  or thick gruel used by seamen.
Burgrave,See Burggrave.
Burgundy,An old province of France (in the eastern central part).
Burh,See Burg.
Burhel,Alt. of Burrhel
Burrhel,The wild Himalayan  or blue sheep (Ovis burrhel).
Burial,A grave; a tomb; a place of sepulture.
Burier,One who  or that which buries.
Burinist,One who works with the burin.
Burked,of Burke
Burking,of Burke
Burled,of Burl
Burling,of Burl
Burler,One who burls or dresses cloth.
Burlesqued,of Burlesque
Burlesquing,of Burlesque
Burlesquer,One who burlesques.
Burletta,A comic operetta; a music farce.
Burliness,Quality of being burly.
Burmans,of Burman
Bur marigold,See Beggar's ticks.
Burmese,Of or pertaining to Burmah  or its inhabitants.
Burned,of Burn
Burnt,of Burn
Burning,of Burn
Burnable,Combustible.
Burner,One who  or that which burns or sets fire to anything.
Burnettized,of Burnettize
Burnettizing,of Burnettize
Burnie,A small brook.
Burniebee,The ladybird.
Burnished,of Burnish
Burnishing,of Burnish
Burnisher,One who burnishes.
Burnoose,Alt. of Burnous
Burnous,A cloaklike garment and hood woven in one piece  worn by Arabs.
Burnstickle,A stickleback (Gasterosteus aculeatus).
Burred,of Burr
Burring,of Burr
Burrel fly,The botfly or gadfly of cattle (Hypoderma bovis). See Gadfly.
Burr millstone,See Buhrstone.
Burro,A donkey.
Burrow,An incorporated town. See 1st Borough.
Burrowed,of Burrow
Burrowing,of Burrow
Burrstone,See Buhrstone.
Bursae,of Bursa
Bursal,Of or pertaining to a bursa or to bursae.
Bursarship,The office of a bursar.
Bursary,The treasury of a college or monastery.
Burschen,of Bursch
Bursch,A youth; especially  a student in a german university.
Burse,A purse; also  a vesicle; a pod; a hull.
Bursiculate,Bursiform.
Bursiform,Shaped like a purse.
Bursitis,Inflammation of a bursa.
Burst,of Burst
Bursting,of Burst
Burster,One that bursts.
Burt,See Birt.
Burthen,See Burden.
Bury,A borough; a manor; as  the Bury of St. Edmond's
Buried,of Bury
Burying,of Bury
Burying ground,Alt. of Burying place
Burying place,The ground or place for burying the dead; burial place.
Bus,An omnibus.
Busbies,of Busby
Buscon,One who searches for ores; a prospector.
Bush,A thicket  or place abounding in trees or shrubs; a wild forest.
Bushed,of Bush
Bushing,of Bush
Bushboy,See Bushman.
Bushelage,A duty payable on commodities by the bushel.
Bushet,A small bush.
Bushfighter,One accustomed to bushfighting.
Bushfighting,Fighting in the bush  or from behind bushes trees or thickets.
Bushiness,The condition or quality of being bushy.
Bushless,Free from bushes; bare.
Bushmen,of Bushman
Bushman,A woodsman; a settler in the bush.
Bushment,A thicket; a cluster of bushes.
Bushwhacker,One accustomed to beat about  or travel through bushes.
Bushy,Thick and spreading  like a bush.
Busily,In a busy manner.
Businesses,of Business
Busked,of Busk
Busket,A small bush; also  a sprig or bouquet.
Buskined,Wearing buskins.
Busky,See Bosky  and 1st Bush n.
Buss,A kiss; a rude or playful kiss; a smack.
Bussed,of Buss
Bussing,of Buss
Bustard,A bird of the genus Otis.
Buster,Something huge; a roistering blade; also  a spree.
Bustled,of Bustle
Bustling,of Bustle
Bustler,An active  stirring person.
Bustoes,of Busto
Busto,A bust; a statue.
Busied,of Busy
Busying,of Busy
Busybodies,of Busybody
But,Except with; unless with; without.
Butted,of But
Butting,of But
Butchered,of Butcher
Butchering,of Butcher
Butcherliness,Butchery quality.
Butchery,The business of a butcher.
Butlership,The office of a butler.
Butt,Alt. of But
Buttered,of Butter
Buttering,of Butter
Butterball,The buffel duck.
Butterbump,The European bittern.
Butterflies,of Butterfly
Butterfly,A general name for the numerous species of diurnal Lepidoptera.
Buttermen,of Butterman
Butterman,A man who makes or sells butter.
Butter-scotch,A kind of candy  mainly composed of sugar and butter.
Butterweight,Over weight.
Buttery,Having the qualities  consistence or appearance of butter.
Butteries,of Buttery
Butt hinge,See 1st Butt  10.
But-thorn,The common European starfish (Asterias rubens).
Button,A knob; a small ball; a small  roundish mass.
Buttoned,of Button
Buttoning,of Button
Buttonball,See Buttonwood.
Buttonhole,The hole or loop in which a button is caught.
Buttony,Ornamented with a large number of buttons.
Buttressed,of Buttress
Buttressing,of Buttress
Butt shaft,An arrow without a barb  for shooting at butts; an arrow.
Butt weld,See Butt weld  under Butt.
Buttweld,To unite by a butt weld.
Butty,One who mines by contract  at so much per ton of coal or ore.
Butyraceous,Having the qualities of butter; resembling butter.
Butyrate,A salt of butyric acid.
Butyric,Pertaining to  or derived from butter.
Butyrone,A liquid ketone obtained by heating calcium butyrate.
Butyrous,Butyraceous.
Buxeous,Belonging to the box tree.
Buying,of Buy
Buyer,One who buys; a purchaser.
Buz,See Buzz.
Buzzed,of Buzz
Buzzing,of Buzz
Buzzardet,A hawk resembling the buzzard  but with legs relatively longer.
Buzzer,One who  or that which buzzes; a whisperer; a talebearer.
Buzzingly,In a buzzing manner; with a buzzing sound.
By-blow,A side or incidental blow; an accidental blow.
By-corner,A private corner.
By-drinking,A drinking between meals.
By-end,Private end or interest; secret purpose; selfish advantage.
Bygone,Past; gone by.
By-interest,Self-interest; private advantage.
Byland,A peninsula.
Bylander,See Bilander.
By-lane,A private lane  or one opening out of the usual road.
By-name,A nickname.
Byname,To give a nickname to.
By-passage,A passage different from the usual one; a byway.
By-past,Past; gone by.
Bypaths,of Bypath
Bypath,A private path; an obscure way; indirect means.
By-place,A retired or private place.
Byre,A cow house.
By-respect,Private end or view; by-interest.
Byroad,A private or obscure road.
Byronic,Pertaining to  or in the style of Lord Byron.
By-room,A private room or apartment.
Bysmottered,Bespotted with mud or dirt.
By-spell,A proverb.
Byss,See Byssus  n. 1.
Byssiferous,Bearing a byssus or tuft.
Byssin,See Byssus  n. 1.
Byssine,Made of silk; having a silky or flaxlike appearance.
Byssoid,Byssaceous.
Byssolite,An olive-green fibrous variety of hornblende.
Byssuses,of Byssus
Byssi,of Byssus
By-stroke,An accidental or a slyly given stroke.
By-turning,An obscure road; a way turning from the main road.
By-view,A private or selfish view; self-interested aim or purpose.
By-walk,A secluded or private walk.
By-wipe,A secret or side stroke  as of raillery or sarcasm.
Bywork,Work aside from regular work; subordinate or secondary business.
Byzant,Alt. of Byzantine
Byzantian,See Byzantine.
Caas,Case.
Cabal,Tradition; occult doctrine. See Cabala
Caballed,of Cabal
Caballing,of Cabal
Cabalism,The secret science of the cabalists.
Cabalist,One versed in the cabala  or the mysteries of Jewish traditions.
Cabalistic,Alt. of Cabalistical
Cabalistically,In a cabalistic manner.
Cabalize,To use cabalistic language.
Caballer,One who cabals.
Caballine,Of or pertaining to a horse.
Cabaret,A tavern; a house where liquors are retailed.
Cabbaged,of Cabbage
Cabbaging,of Cabbage
Cabbler,One who works at cabbling.
Cabeca,Alt. of Cabesse
Cabesse,The finest kind of silk received from India.
Cabiai,The capybara. See Capybara.
Cabin,A cottage or small house; a hut.
Cabined,of Cabin
Cabining,of Cabin
Cabinet,A hut; a cottage; a small house.
Cabineting,of Cabinet
Cabirean,One of the Cabiri.
Cabirian,Same as Cabiric.
Cabiric,Of or pertaining to the Cabiri  or to their mystical worship.
Cabled,of Cable
Cabling,of Cable
Cablegram,A message sent by a submarine telegraphic cable.
Cablet,A little cable less than ten inches in circumference.
Cabmen,of Cabman
Cabman,The driver of a cab.
Cabotage,Navigation along the coast; the details of coast pilotage.
Cabree,The pronghorn antelope.
Cabriole,A curvet; a leap. See Capriole.
Cabriolet,A one-horse carriage with two seats and a calash top.
Cabrit,Same as Cabree.
Cacaemia,Alt. of Cachaemia
Cachaemia,A degenerated or poisoned condition of the blood.
Cacaine,The essential principle of cacao; -- now called theobromine.
Cachectic,Alt. of Cachectical
Cachet,A seal  as of a letter.
Cachexia,Alt. of Cachexy
Cachinnatory,Consisting of  or accompanied by immoderate laughter.
Cachucha,An Andalusian dance in three-four time  resembling the bolero.
Cacique,See Cazique.
Cack,To ease the body by stool; to go to stool.
Cackled,of Cackle
Cackling,of Cackle
Cackle,To make a sharp  broken noise or cry as a hen or goose does.
Cackler,A fowl that cackles.
Cacochymia,Alt. of Cacochymy
Cacochymic,Alt. of Cacochymical
Cacochymical,Having the fluids of the body vitiated  especially the blood.
Cacodemon,An evil spirit; a devil or demon.
Cacodoxical,Heretical.
Cacodoxy,Erroneous doctrine; heresy; heterodoxy.
Cacodylic,Of  pertaining to or derived from cacodyl.
Cacogastric,Troubled with bad digestion.
Cacography,Incorrect or bad writing or spelling.
Cacology,Bad speaking; bad choice or use of words.
Cacomixle,Alt. of Cacomixl
Cacomixtle,Alt. of Cacomixl
Cacophonic,Alt. of Cacophonious
Cacophonical,Alt. of Cacophonious
Cacophonous,Alt. of Cacophonious
Cacophonious,Harsh-sounding.
Cacophonies,of Cacophony
Cacotechny,A corruption or corrupt state of art.
Cacoxene,Alt. of Cacoxenite
Cactuses,of Cactus
Cacti,of Cactus
Cacuminate,To make sharp or pointed.
Cadastral,Of or pertaining to landed property.
Cadastre,Alt. of Cadaster
Cadaver,A dead human body; a corpse.
Cadbait,See Caddice.
Caddice,Alt. of Caddis
Caddish,Like a cad; lowbred and presuming.
Caddow,A jackdaw.
Caddies,of Caddy
Caddy,A small box  can or chest to keep tea in.
Cade,Bred by hand; domesticated; petted.
Cadence,The act or state of declining or sinking.
Cadene,A species of inferior carpet imported from the Levant.
Cadent,Falling.
Cader,See Cadre.
Cadew,Alt. of Cadeworm
Cadeworm,A caddice. See Caddice.
Cadged,of Cadge
Cadging,of Cadge
Cadge,To carry  as a burden.
Cadger,A packman or itinerant huckster.
Cadie,Alt. of Caddie
Caddie,A Scotch errand boy  porter or messenger.
Cadis,A kind of coarse serge.
Cadmian,See Cadmean.
Caducary,Relating to escheat  forfeiture or confiscation.
Caducean,Of or belonging to Mercury's caduceus  or wand.
Caducity,Tendency to fall; the feebleness of old age; senility.
Caduke,Perishable; frail; transitory.
Cady,See Cadie.
Caeca,See Caecum.
Caecal,Of or pertaining to the caecum  or blind gut.
Caecias,A wind from the northeast.
Caecums,of Caecum
Caecum,A cavity open at one end  as the blind end of a canal or duct.
Caenozoic,See Cenozoic.
Caen stone,A cream-colored limestone for building  found near Caen France.
Caesarean,Alt. of Caesarian
Caesarian,Of or pertaining to Caesar or the Caesars; imperial.
Caespitose,Same as Cespitose.
Caesuras,of Caesura
Caesurae,of Caesura
Caesural,Of or pertaining to a caesura.
Cafenet,Alt. of Cafeneh
Caffeic,Pertaining to  or obtained from coffee.
Caffetannic,Pertaining to  or derived from the tannin of coffee.
Caffila,See Cafila.
Caffre,See Kaffir.
Cafila,Alt. of Cafileh
Cag,See Keg.
Caged,of Cage
Caging,of Cage
Cageling,A bird confined in a cage; esp. a young bird.
Cagmag,A tough old goose; hence  coarse bad food of any kind.
Cahoot,Partnership; as  to go in cahoot with a person.
Caimacam,The governor of a sanjak or district in Turkey.
Caiman,See Cayman.
Cainozoic,See Cenozic.
Ca ira,The refrain of a famous song of the French Revolution.
Caird,A traveling tinker; also a tramp or sturdy beggar.
Caisson,A chest to hold ammunition.
Caitiff,Captive; wretched; unfortunate.
Cajeput,See Cajuput.
Cajoled,of Cajole
Cajoling,of Cajole
Cajole,To deceive with flattery or fair words; to wheedle.
Cajolement,The act of cajoling; the state of being cajoled; cajolery.
Cajoler,A flatterer; a wheedler.
Cajoleries,of Cajolery
Cajolery,A wheedling to delude; words used in cajoling; flattery.
Cajuputene,A colorless or greenish oil extracted from cajuput.
Caked,of Cake
Caking,of Cake
Caking coal,See Coal.
Cal,Wolfram  an ore of tungsten.
Calabar,A district on the west coast of Africa.
Calabash,The common gourd (plant or fruit).
Calaboose,A prison; a jail.
Calaite,A mineral. See Turquoise.
Calamanco,A glossy woolen stuff  plain striped or checked.
Calamar,Alt. of Calamary
Calambac,A fragrant wood; agalloch.
Calamiferous,Producing reeds; reedy.
Calamine,A mineral  the hydrous silicate of zinc.
Calamist,One who plays upon a reed or pipe.
Calamistrate,To curl or friz  as the hair.
Calamistration,The act or process of curling the hair.
Calamitous,Suffering calamity; wretched; miserable.
Calamities,of Calamity
Calami,of Calamus
Calando,Gradually diminishing in rapidity and loudness.
Calcaneal,Pertaining to the calcaneum; as  calcaneal arteries.
Calcaria,of Calcar
Calcarate,Alt. of Calcarated
Calcareo-argillaceous,consisting of  or containing calcareous and argillaceous earths.
Calcareo-bituminous,Consisting of  or containing lime and bitumen.
Calcareo-siliceous,Consisting of  or containing calcareous and siliceous earths.
Calcareousness,Quality of being calcareous.
Calcariferous,Lime-yielding; calciferous
Calcarine,Pertaining to  or situated near the calcar of the brain.
Calceated,Fitted with  or wearing shoes.
Calcedon,A foul vein  like chalcedony in some precious stones.
Calcedonic,Alt. of Calcedonian
Calcedonian,See Chalcedonic.
Calceolate,Slipper-ahaped. See Calceiform.
Calces,See Calx.
Calcic,Pertaining to  derived from or containing calcium or lime.
Calciferous,Bearing  producing or containing calcite or carbonate of lime.
Calciform,In the form of chalk or lime.
Calcifying,of Calcify
Calcimined,of Calcimine
Calcimining,of Calcimine
Calciminer,One who calcimines.
Calcinable,That may be calcined; as  a calcinable fossil.
Calcinate,To calcine.
Calcinatory,A vessel used in calcination.
Calciden,of Calcine
Calcining,of Calcine
Calciner,One who  or that which calcines.
Calcitrant,Kicking. Hence: Stubborn; refractory.
Calcitrate,To kick.
Calcitration,Act of kicking.
Calcivorous,Eroding  or eating into limestone.
Calcographer,One who practices calcography.
Calcographic,Alt. of Calcographical
Calcographical,Relating to  or in the style of calcography.
Calcography,The art of drawing with chalk.
Calc-sinter,See under Calcite.
Calc-spar,Same as Calcite.
Calc-tufa,See under Calcite.
Calculable,That may be calculated or ascertained by calculation.
Calculary,Of or pertaining to calculi.
Calculater,of Calculate
Calculating,of Calculate
Calculative,Of or pertaining to calculation; involving calculation.
Calculatory,Belonging to calculation.
Calcule,Reckoning; computation.
Calculi,See Calculus.
Caleche,See Calash.
Caledonia,The ancient Latin name of Scotland; -- still used in poetry.
Caledonian,Of or pertaining to Caledonia or Scotland; Scottish; Scotch.
Calefacient,Making warm; heating.
Calefactive,See Calefactory.
Calefactor,A heater; one who  or that which makes hot as a stove etc.
Calefactory,Making hot; producing or communicating heat.
Calefied,of Calefy
Calefying,of Calefy
Calefy,To make warm or hot.
Calembour,A pun.
Calendared,of Calendar
Calendaring,of Calendar
Calendarial,Of or pertaining to the calendar or a calendar.
Calendary,Calendarial.
Calendered,of Calender
Calendering,of Calender
Calendographer,One who makes calendars.
Calendrer,A person who calenders cloth; a calender.
Calendric,Alt. of Calendrical
Calendrical,Of or pertaining to a calendar.
Calends,The first day of each month in the ancient Roman calendar.
Calescence,Growing warmth; increasing heat.
Calves,of Calf
Calfskin,The hide or skin of a calf; or leather made of the skin.
Cali,The tenth avatar or incarnation of the god Vishnu.
Caliber,Alt. of Calibre
Calice,See Chalice.
Calicoes,of Calico
Calicoback,The calico bass.
Calicular,Alt. of Caliculate
Calid,Hot; burning; ardent.
Calidity,Heat.
Caliduct,A pipe or duct used to convey hot air or steam.
Calif,Alt. of Califate
Califate,Same as Caliph  Caliphate etc.
Californian,Of or pertaining to California.
Caligation,Dimness; cloudiness.
Caliginosity,Darkness.
Caliginous,Affected with darkness or dimness; dark; obscure.
Caligraphic,See Calligraphic.
Caligraphy,See Caligraphy.
Caliphate,The office  dignity or government of a caliph or of the caliphs.
Calippic,Of or pertaining to Calippus  an Athenian astronomer.
Calisthenis,Of or pertaining to calisthenics.
Calix,A cup. See Calyx.
Calked,of Calk
Calking,of Calk
Calker,One who calks.
Calkin,A calk on a shoe. See Calk  n. 1.
Called,of Call
Calling,of Call
Calla,A genus of plants  of the order Araceae.
Callat,Same as Callet.
Calle,A kind of head covering; a caul.
Caller,One who calls.
Callet,A trull or prostitute; a scold or gossip.
Callid,Characterized by cunning or shrewdness; crafty.
Callidity,Acuteness of discernment; cunningness; shrewdness.
Calligrapher,One skilled in calligraphy; a good penman.
Calligraphic,Alt. of Calligraphical
Calligraphical,Of or pertaining to calligraphy.
Calligraphist,A calligrapher
Calligraphy,Fair or elegant penmanship.
Callipash,See Calipash.
Callipee,See Calipee.
Callipers,See Calipers.
Callisection,Painless vivisection; -- opposed to sentisection.
Callisthenic,Alt. of Callisthenics
Callisthenics,See Calisthenic  Calisthenics.
Callithumpian,Of  pertaining to or resembling a callithump.
Callosan,Of the callosum.
Callose,Furnished with protuberant or hardened spots.
Callosities,of Callosity
Callot,A plant coif or skullcap. Same as Calotte.
Callous,Hardened; indurated.
Callow,Destitute of feathers; naked; unfledged.
Callus,Same as Callosity
Calmed,of Calm
Calming,of Calm
Calmer,One who  or that which makes calm.
Calmly,In a calm manner.
Calmy,Tranquil; peaceful; calm.
Caloriduct,A tube or duct for conducting heat; a caliduct.
Calorifacient,See Calorificient.
Calorifiant,See Calorificient.
Calorific,Possessing the quality of producing heat; heating.
Calorification,Production of heat  esp. animal heat.
Calorimetric,Of or pertaining to the process of using the calorimeter.
Calorimetry,Measurement of the quantities of heat in bodies.
Calotte,Alt. of Callot
Calque,See 2d Calk  v. t.
Caltrop,Alt. of Caltrap
Calumniated,of Calumniate
Calumniating,of Calumniate
Calumniator,One who calumniates.
Calumniatory,Containing calumny; slanderous.
Calumnies,of Calumny
Calved,of Calve
Calving,of Calve
Calve,To bring forth a calf.
Calver,To cut in slices and pickle  as salmon.
Calvessnout,Snapdragon.
Calvinist,A follower of Calvin; a believer in Calvinism.
Calvinistic,Alt. of Calvinistical
Calvinize,To convert to Calvinism.
Calvish,Like a calf; stupid.
Calxes,of Calx
Calx,Quicklime.
Calycifloral,Alt. of callyciflorous
Calyciform,Having the form or appearance of a calyx.
Calycinal,Alt. of Calycine
Calycine,Pertaining to a calyx; having the nature of a calyx.
Calycle,A row of small bracts  at the base of the calyx on the outside.
Calycled,Calyculate.
Calycular,Pertaining to  or resembling the bracts of a calycle.
Calyculate,Alt. of Calyculated
Calyculated,Having a set of bracts resembling a calyx.
Calymene,A genus of trilobites characteristic of the Silurian age.
Calyon,Flint or pebble stone  used in building walls etc.
Calyptriform,Having the form a calyptra  or extinguisher.
Calyxes,of Calyx
Calyces,of Calyx
Calyx,The covering of a flower. See Flower.
Calzoons,Drawers.
Camaieu,A cameo.
Camarilla,The private audience chamber of a king.
Cambered,of Camber
Cambering,of Camber
Cambial,Belonging to exchanges in commerce; of exchange.
Cambistry,The science of exchange  weight measures etc.
Camblet,See Camlet.
Camboge,See Gamboge.
Camboose,See Caboose.
Cambrel,See Gambrel  n. 2.
Cambria,The ancient Latin name of Wales. It is used by modern poets.
Cambrian,Of or pertaining to Cambria or Wales.
Cambric,A fine  thin and white fabric made of flax or linen.
Cambro-Briton,A Welshman.
Came,imp. of Come.
Camel-backed,Having a back like a camel; humpbacked.
Cameleon,See Chaceleon.
Camelopard,An African ruminant; the giraffe. See Giraffe.
Camelot,See Camelet.
Camelshair,Of camel's hair.
Cameos,of Cameo
Cameras,of Camera
Camerae,of Camera
Camerade,See Comrade.
Cameralistic,Of or pertaining to finance and public revenue.
Cameralistics,The science of finance or public revenue.
Camerated,of Camerate
Camerzting,of Camerate
Camerate,To build in the form of a vault; to arch over.
Cameration,A vaulting or arching over.
Camis,A light  loose dress or robe.
Camisade,Alt. of Camisado
Camisated,Dressed with a shirt over the other garments.
Camisole,A short dressing jacket for women.
Camleted,Wavy or undulating like camlet; veined.
Cammas,See Camass.
Camomile,Alt. of Chamomile
Camous,Alt. of Camoys
Camoys,Flat; depressed; crooked; -- said only of the nose.
Camoused,Depressed; flattened.
Camously,Awry.
Camped,of Camp
Camping,of Camp
Campana,A church bell.
Campaned,Furnished with  or bearing campanes or bells.
Campanero,The bellbird of South America. See Bellbird.
Campanes,Bells.
Campania,Open country.
Campaniform,Bell-shaped.
Campanile,A bell tower  esp. one built separate from a church.
Campaniliform,Bell-shaped; campanulate; campaniform.
Campanologist,One skilled in campanology; a bell ringer.
Campanology,The art of ringing bells  or a treatise on the art.
Campanulate,Bell-shaped.
Campeachy Wood,Logwood.
Camper,One who lodges temporarily in a hut or camp.
Campestral,Alt. of Campestrian
Camptight,A duel; the decision of a case by a duel.
Camphire,An old spelling of Camphor.
Camphogen,See Cymene.
Camphol,See Borneol.
Camphoraceous,Of the nature of camphor; containing camphor.
Camphorate,To impregnate or treat with camphor.
Camporated,Combined or impregnated with camphor.
Camphoric,Of  pertaining to or derived from camphor.
Camphretic,Pertaining to  or derived from camphor.
Camus,See Camis.
Camwood,See Barwood.
Canned,of Can
Canning,of Can
Could,of Can
Canaanite,A descendant of Canaan  the son of Ham and grandson of Noah.
Canaanitish,Of or pertaining to Canaan or the Canaanites.
Canadian,Of or pertaining to Canada.
Canaille,The lowest class of people; the rabble; the vulgar.
Canakin,A little can or cup.
Canal coal,See Cannel coal.
Canaliculate,Alt. of Canaliculated
Canaliculated,Having a channel or groove  as in the leafstalks of most palms.
Canaliculi,of Canaliculus
Canaliculus,A minute canal.
Canalization,Construction of  or furnishing with a canal or canals.
Canarese,Pertaining to Canara  a district of British India.
Canaries,of Canary
Can buoy,See under Buoy  n.
Canceled,of Cancel
Cancelled,of Cancel
Canceling,of Cancel
Cancelling,of Cancel
Cancel,To inclose or surround  as with a railing or with latticework.
Cancelier,To turn in flight; -- said of a hawk.
Cancellarean,Cancellarean.
Cancellated,Crossbarred; marked with cross lines.
Cancerated,of Cancerate
Cancerate,To grow into a canser; to become cancerous.
Canceration,The act or state of becoming cancerous or growing into a cancer.
Cancriform,Having the form of  or resembling a crab; crab-shaped.
Cancrine,Having the qualities of a crab; crablike.
Cand,Fluor spar. See Kand.
Candelabra,of Candelabrum
Candelabrums,of Candelabrum
Candelabrum,A lamp stand of any sort.
Candent,Heated to whiteness; glowing with heat.
Candescence,See Incandescence.
Candicant,Growing white.
Candid,White.
Candidateship,Candidacy.
Candidature,Candidacy.
Candidly,In a candid manner.
Candidness,The quality of being candid.
Candify,To make or become white  or candied.
Candiot,Of or pertaining to Candia; Cretary.
Candite,A variety of spinel  of a dark color found at Candy in Ceylon.
Candle coal,See Cannel coal.
Candlelight,The light of a candle.
Candlestick,An instrument or utensil for supporting a candle.
Candying,of Candy
Caned,of Cane
Caning,of Cane
Canebrake,A thicket of canes.
Canescent,Growing white  or assuming a color approaching to white.
Cannicula,The Dog Star; Sirius.
Canicular,Pertaining to  or measured by the rising of the Dog Star.
Canicule,Canicula.
Caninal,See Canine  a.
Canes,of Canis
Canister,A small basket of rushes  reeds or willow twigs etc.
Cankered,of Canker
Cankering,of Canker
Canker-bit,Eaten out by canker  or as by canker.
Canker bloom,The bloom or blossom of the wild rose or dog-rose.
Canker blossom,That which blasts a blossom as a canker does.
Cankeredly,Fretfully; spitefully.
Canker fly,A fly that preys on fruit.
Cankerous,Affecting like a canker.
Cankery,Like a canker; full of canker.
Cannabine,Pertaining to hemp; hempen.
Cannibally,In the manner of cannibal.
Cannikin,A small can or drinking vessel.
Cannily,In a canny manner.
Canniness,Caution; crafty management.
Cannons,of Cannon
Cannon,of Cannon
Cannonading,of Cannonade
Cannon bone,See Canon Bone.
Cannoned,Furnished with cannon.
Cannoneer,Alt. of Cannonier
Cannonier,A man who manages  or fires cannon.
Cannonering,The use of cannon.
Cannonry,Cannon  collectively; artillery.
Cannot,Am  is or are not able; -- written either as one word or two.
Cannular,Having the form of a tube; tubular.
Canny,Alt. of Cannei
Cannei,Artful; cunning; shrewd; wary.
Canoes,of Canoe
Canoed,of Canoe
Canoeing,of Canoe
Canoeist,A canoeman.
Canoemen,of Canoeman
Canoeman,One who uses a canoe; one who travels in a canoe.
Canon,A law or rule.
Canon bit,That part of a bit which is put in a horse's mouth.
Canoness,A woman who holds a canonry in a conventual chapter.
Canonic,Alt. of Cannonical
Canonically,In a canonical manner; according to the canons.
Canonicalness,The quality of being canonical; canonicity.
Canonicate,The office of a canon; a canonry.
Canonistic,Of or pertaining to a canonist.
Canonized,of Canonize
Canonizing,of Canonize
Canopies,of Canopy
Canopes,of Canopy
Canopying,of Canopy
Canorous,Melodious; musical.
Canorousness,The quality of being musical.
Canstick,Candlestick.
Cant,A corner; angle; niche.
Canted,of Cant
Canting,of Cant
Can't,A colloquial contraction for can not.
Cantab,A Cantabrigian.
Cantabrian,Of or pertaining to Cantabria on the Bay of Biscay in Spain.
Cantalever,A bracket to support a balcony  a cornice or the like.
Cantankerous,Perverse; contentious; ugly; malicious.
Cantar,Alt. of Cantarro
Cantation,A singing.
Cantatory,Containing cant or affectation; whining; singing.
Cantatrice,A female professional singer.
Cantel,See Cantle.
Canter,A moderate and easy gallop adapted to pleasure riding.
Cantered,of Canter
Cantering,of Canter
Cantharides,See Cantharis.
Canthi,of Canthus
Canticles,of Canticle
Canticle,A song; esp. a little song or hymn.
Canticoy,A social gathering; usually  one for dancing.
Cantile,Same as Cantle  v. t.
Cantilena,See Cantabile.
Cantilever,Same as Cantalever.
Cantillate,To chant; to recite with musical tones.
Cantillation,A chanting; recitation or reading with musical modulations.
Cantine,See Canteen.
Cantiniere,A woman who carries a canteen for soldiers; a vivandiere.
Cantion,A song or verses.
Cantle,A corner or edge of anything; a piece; a fragment; a part.
Cantlet,A piece; a fragment; a corner.
Cantos,of Canto
Canto,One of the chief divisions of a long poem; a book.
Canton,A song or canto
Cantoned,of Canton
Cantoning,of Canton
Canton flannel,See Cotton flannel.
Cantonize,To divide into cantons or small districts.
Cantor,A singer; esp. the leader of a church choir; a precentor.
Cantoral,Of or belonging to a cantor.
Cantrap,Alt. of Cantrip
Cantrip,A charm; an incantation; a shell; a trick; adroit mischief.
Cantred,Alt. of Cantref
Cantref,A district comprising a hundred villages  as in Wales.
Canty,Cheerful; sprightly; lively; merry.
Canuck,A Canadian.
Canula,Alt. of Canulated
Canular,Alt. of Canulated
Canulated,See Cannula  Cannular and Cannulated.
Canvassed,of Canvass
Canvassing,of Canvass
Canvasser,One who canvasses.
Cany,Of or pertaining to cane or canes; abounding with canes.
Canyon,The English form of the Spanish word Ca on.
Canzonet,A short song  in one or more parts.
Caoutchoucin,See Caoutchin.
Cap,A covering for the head
Capped,of Cap
Capping,of Cap
Capabilities,of Capability
Capacified,of Capacify
Capacify,To quality.
Capaciosly,In a capacious manner or degree; comprehensively.
Capacitated,of Capacitate
Capacitating,of Capacitate
Capacitate,To render capable; to enable; to qualify.
Capacities,of Capacity
Capape,See Cap-a-pie.
Capapie,From head to foot; at all points.
Caparisoned,of Caparison
Caparisoning,of Caparison
Capcase,A small traveling case or bandbox; formerly  a chest.
Capel,Alt. of Caple
Caple,A horse; a nag.
Capelan,See Capelin.
Capella,A brilliant star in the constellation Auriga.
Capellane,The curate of a chapel; a chaplain.
Capelle,The private orchestra or band of a prince or of a church.
Capellmeister,The musical director in royal or ducal chapel; a choir-master.
Capered,of Caper
Capering,of Caper
Caper bush,Alt. of Caper tree
Caper tree,See Capper  a plant 2.
Capercailzie,Alt. of Capercally
Caperer,One who capers  leaps and skips about or dances.
Capful,As much as will fill a cap.
Capibara,See Capybara.
Capillament,A filament.
Capillariness,The quality of being capillary.
Capillarity,The quality or condition of being capillary.
Capillation,A capillary blood vessel.
Capillature,A bush of hair; frizzing of the hair.
Capilliform,In the shape or form of  a hair or of hairs.
Capillose,Having much hair; hairy.
Capistrate,Hooded; cowled.
Capital,Of or pertaining to the head.
Capitalization,The act or process of capitalizing.
Capitalized,of Capitalize
Capitalizing,of Capitalize
Capitalize,To convert into capital  or to use as capital.
Capitalness,The quality of being capital; preeminence.
Capitan Pasha,Alt. of Pacha
Pacha,The chief admiral of the Turkish fleet.
Capitatim,Of so much per head; as  a capitatim tax; a capitatim grant.
Capitation,A numbering of heads or individuals.
Capite,See under Tenant.
Capitolian,Alt. of Capitoline
Capitoline,Of or pertaining to the Capitol in Rome.
Capitula,See Capitulum.
Capitular,An act passed in a chapter.
Capitularly,In the manner or form of an ecclesiastical chapter.
Capitularies,of Capitulary
Capitulary,A capitular.
Capitulated,of Capitulate
Capitulating,of Capitulate
Capitulation,A reducing to heads or articles; a formal agreement.
Capitulator,One who capitulates.
Capitule,A summary.
Capivi,A balsam of the Spanish West Indies. See Copaiba.
Caplin,See Capelin.
Capnomancy,Divination by means of the ascent or motion of smoke.
Capoches,of Capoch
Capoch,A hood; especially  the hood attached to the gown of a monk.
Capoched,of Capoch
Caponet,A young capon.
Caponize,To castrate  as a fowl.
Capotted,of Capot
Capote,A long cloak or overcoat  especially one with a hood.
Capouch,Same as Capoch.
Cappaper,See cap  n. also Paper n.
Cappeak,The front piece of a cap; -- now more commonly called visor.
Cappella,See A cappella.
Capper,One whose business is to make or sell caps.
Capping plane,A plane used for working the upper surface of staircase rails.
Capra,A genus of ruminants  including the common goat.
Caprate,A salt of capric acid.
Capreolate,Having a tendril or tendrils.
Capreoline,Of or pertaining to the roebuck.
Capric,Of or pertaining to capric acid or its derivatives.
Capricioso,In a free  fantastic style.
Caprifole,The woodbine or honeysuckle.
Capriform,Having the form of a goat.
Caprigenous,Of the goat kind.
Caprine,Of or pertaining to a goat; as  caprine gambols.
Capriped,Having feet like those of a goat.
Caproate,A salt of caproic acid.
Caproic,See under Capric.
Caprylate,A salt of caprylic acid.
Caprylic,See under Capric.
Capsized,of Capsize
Capsizing,of Capsize
Capsize,To upset or overturn  as a vessel or other body.
Capsular,Alt. of Capsulary
Capsulate,Alt. of Capsulated
Capsulated,Inclosed in a capsule  or as in a chest or box.
Captain,A head  or chief officer
Captaincy,The rank  post or commission of a captain.
Captainry,Power  or command over a certain district; chieftainship.
Caption,A caviling; a sophism.
Captiously,In a captious manner.
Captiousness,Captious disposition or manner.
Captivated,of Captivate
Captivating,of Captivate
Captivate,To take prisoner; to capture; to subdue.
Captivation,The act of captivating.
Captived,of Captive
Captiving,of Captive
Captivity,The state of being a captive or a prisoner.
Captor,One who captures any person or thing  as a prisoner or a prize.
Captured,of Capture
Capturing,of Capture
Capuccio,A capoch or hood.
Capuched,Cover with  or as with a hood.
Capucine,See Capuchin  3.
Capulet,Same as Capellet.
Capulin,The Mexican cherry (Prunus Capollin).
Capita,of Caput
Caput,The head; also  a knoblike protuberance or capitulum.
Carabine,A carbine.
Carabineer,A carbineer.
Caraboid,Like  or pertaining to the genus Carabus.
Carac,See Carack.
Caracoled,of Caracole
Caracore,Alt. of Caracora
Carageen,Alt. of Caragheen
Caragheen,See Carrageen.
Carapax,See Carapace.
Carat,The weight by which precious stones and pearls are weighed.
Caravaneer,The leader or driver of the camels in caravan.
Caravansaries,of Caravansary
Caravel,A name given to several kinds of vessels.
Carbamic,Pertaining to an acid so called.
Carbamide,The technical name for urea.
Carbazotate,A salt of carbazotic or picric acid; a picrate.
Carbazotic,Containing  or derived from carbon and nitrogen.
Carbimide,The technical name for isocyanic acid. See under Isocyanic.
Carbineer,A soldier armed with a carbine.
Carbohydride,A hydrocarbon.
Carbolize,To apply carbolic acid to; to wash or treat with carbolic acid.
Carbonaceous,Pertaining to  containing or composed of carbon.
Carbonade,Alt. of Carbonado
Carbonadoed,of Carbonade
Carbonadoing,of Carbonade
Carbonadoes,of Carbonado
Carbonarism,The principles  practices or organization of the Carbonari.
Carbonari,of Carbonaro
Carbonatation,The saturation of defecated beet juice with carbonic acid gas.
Carbonated,Combined or impregnated with carbonic acid.
Carbone,To broil. [Obs.] We had a calf's head carboned.
Carbonic,Of  pertaining to or obtained from carbon; as carbonic oxide.
Carbonide,A carbide.
Carboniferous,Producing or containing carbon or coal.
Carbonization,The act or process of carbonizing.
Carbonized,of Carbonize
Carbonizing,of Carbonize
Carbuncled,Set with carbuncles.
Carbuncular,Belonging to a carbuncle; resembling a carbuncle; red; inflamed.
Carburet,A carbide. See Carbide
Carbureted,of Carburet
Carburetted,of Carburet
Carbureting,of Carburet
Carburetting,of Carburet
Carburetant,Any volatile liquid used in charging illuminating gases.
Carburization,The act  process or result of carburizing.
Carburized,of Carburize
Carburizing,of Carburize
Carcanet,A jeweled chain  necklace or collar.
Carcase,See Carcass.
Carcasses,of Carcass
Carcavelhos,A sweet wine. See Calcavella.
Carcelage,Prison fees.
Carceral,Belonging to a prison.
Carcinological,Of or pertaining to carcinology.
Carcinomatous,Of or pertaining to carcinoma.
Carcinosys,The affection of the system with cancer.
Carded,of Card
Carding,of Card
Cardcase,A case for visiting cards.
Cardecu,A quarter of a crown.
Carder,One who  or that which cards wool flax etc.
Cardia,The heart.
Cardiacal,Cardiac.
Cardiacle,A pain about the heart.
Cardiagraph,See Cardiograph.
Cardialgla,Alt. of Cardialgy
Cardigan jacket,A warm jacket of knit worsted with or without sleeves.
Cardinalate,The office  rank or dignity of a cardinal.
Cardinalize,To exalt to the office of a cardinal.
Cardinalship,The condition  dignity of office of a cardinal
Cardiographic,Of or pertaining to  or produced by a cardiograph.
Cardioid,An algebraic curve  so called from its resemblance to a heart.
Cardioinhibitory,Checking or arresting the heart's action.
Cardiolgy,The science which treats of the heart and its functions.
Cardiometry,Measurement of the heart  as by percussion or auscultation.
Cardiosphygmograph,A combination of cardiograph and sphygmograph.
Cardines,of Cardo
Cardo,The basal joint of the maxilla in insects.
Cared,of Care
Caring,of Care
Careened,of Careen
Careening,of Careen
Careenage,Expense of careening ships.
Career,A race course: the ground run over.
Careered,of Career
Careering,of Career
Careful,Full of care; anxious; solicitous.
Carefully,In a careful manner.
Carefulness,Quality or state of being careful.
Careless,Free from care or anxiety. hence  cheerful; light-hearted.
Carelessly,In a careless manner.
Carene,A fast of forty days on bread and water.
Caressed,of Caress
Caressing,of Caress
Caressingly,In caressing manner.
Caretuned,Weary; mournful.
Careworn,Worn or burdened with care; as  careworn look or face.
Carf,pret. of Carve.
Cargason,A cargo.
Cargoes,of Cargo
Cargoose,A species of grebe (Podiceps crisratus); the crested grebe.
Caries,of Carib
Caribbean,Alt. of Caribbee
Caricatured,of Caricature
Caricaturing,of Caricature
Caricaturist,One who caricatures.
Caricous,Of the shape of a fig; as  a caricous tumor.
Carina,A keel
Carinate,Alt. of Carinated
Cariole,A small  light open one-horse carriage
Cariopsis,See Caryopsis.
Cariosity,Caries.
Carious,Affected with caries; decaying; as  a carious tooth.
Cark,A noxious or corroding care; solicitude; worry.
Carkanet,A carcanet.
Carking,Distressing; worrying; perplexing; corroding; as  carking cares.
Carl,A rude  rustic man; a churl.
Carlin,An old woman.
Carline,Alt. of Caroline
Carlings,Same as Carl  3.
Carlist,A partisan of Charles X. of France  or of Don Carlos of Spain.
Carlot,A churl; a boor; a peasant or countryman.
Carmelite,Alt. of Carmelin
Carmelin,Of or pertaining to the order of Carmelites.
Carminated,Of  relating to or mixed with carmine; as carminated lake.
Carminative,Expelling wind from the body; warming; antispasmodic.
Carmine,A rich red or crimson color with a shade of purple.
Carminic,Of or pertaining to  or derived from carmine.
Carnage,Flesh of slain animals or men.
Carnalism,The state of being carnal; carnality; sensualism.
Carnalist,A sensualist.
Carnalized,of Carnalize
Carnalizing,of Carnalize
Carnalize,To make carnal; to debase to carnality.
Carnal-minded,Worldly-minded.
Carnal-mindedness,Grossness of mind.
Carnassial,Adapted to eating flesh.
Carnate,Invested with  or embodied in flesh.
Carnation,The natural color of flesh; rosy pink.
Carnationed,Having a flesh color.
Carnauba,The Brazilian wax palm. See Wax palm.
Carneous,Consisting of  or like flesh; carnous; fleshy.
Carnify,To form flesh; to become like flesh.
Carnivoracity,Greediness of appetite for flesh.
Carnivore,One of the Carnivora.
Carnose,Alt. of Carnous
Carnous,Of or pertaining to flesh; fleshy.
Caroche,A kind of pleasure carriage; a coach.
Caroched,Placed in a caroche.
Caroigne,Dead body; carrion.
Carol,A round dance.
Caroled,of Carol
Carolled,of Carol
Caroling,of Carol
Carolling,of Carol
Carolina pink,See Pinkboot.
Carolinian,A native or inhabitant of north or South Carolina.
Carolitic,Adorned with sculptured leaves and branches.
Caroluses,of Carolus
Caroli,of Carolus
Caromel,See Caramel.
Caroteel,A tierce or cask for dried fruits  etc. usually about 700 lbs.
Carotic,Of or pertaining to stupor; as  a carotic state.
Carousal,A jovial feast or festival; a drunken revel; a carouse.
Carouse,A large draught of liquor.
Caroused,of Carouse
Carousing,of Carouse
Carouser,One who carouses; a reveler.
Carousingly,In the manner of a carouser.
Carped,of Carp
Carping,of Carp
Carp,To talk; to speak; to prattle.
Carps,of Carp
Carpal,Of or pertaining to the carpus  or wrist.
Carpalia,of Carpale
Carpel,Alt. of Carpellum
Carpellary,Belonging to  forming or containing carpels.
Carper,One who carps; a caviler.
Carpeted,of Carpet
Carpeting,of Carpet
Carpetless,Without a carpet.
Carpetmonger,One who deals in carpets; a buyer and seller of carpets.
Carpetway,A border of greensward left round the margin of a plowed field.
Carphology,See Floccillation.
Carpogenic,Productive of fruit  or causing fruit to be developed.
Carpolite,A general term for a fossil fruit  nut or seed.
Carpological,Of or pertaining to carpology.
Carpologist,One who describes fruits; one versed in carpology.
Carpophagous,Living on fruits; fruit-consuming.
Carpospore,A kind of spore formed in the conceptacles of red algae.
Carpi,of Carpus
Carrack,See Carack.
Carrageen,Alt. of Carrigeen
Carraway,See Caraway.
Carrel,See Quarrel  an arrow.
Carriable,Capable of being carried.
Carriage,That which is carried; burden; baggage.
Carriageable,Passable by carriages; that can be conveyed in carriages.
Carriboo,See Caribou.
Carrick,A carack. See Carack.
Carrier,One who  or that which carries or conveys; a messenger.
Carrom,See Carom.
Carrow,A strolling gamester.
Carried,of Carry
Carrying,of Carry
Carries,of Carry
Carryk,A carack.
Carrytale,A talebearer.
Carse,Low  fertile land; a river valley.
Carted,of Cart
Carting,of Cart
Cartage,The act of carrying in a cart.
Carte,Bill of fare.
Cartes de visite,of Carte de visite
Carte de visite,A visiting card.
Cartel,An agreement between belligerents for the exchange of prisoners.
Carter,A charioteer.
Cartesianism,The philosophy of Descartes.
Carthaginian,Of a pertaining to ancient Carthage  a city of northern Africa.
Cartilage,A translucent  elastic tissue; gristle.
Cartilagineous,See Cartilaginous.
Cartilaginification,The act or process of forming cartilage.
Cartman,One who drives or uses a cart; a teamster; a carter.
Cartographer,One who makes charts or maps.
Cartographic,Alt. of Cartographical
Cartographical,Of or pertaining to cartography.
Cartographically,By cartography.
Cartography,The art or business of forming charts or maps.
Cartomancy,The art of telling fortunes with cards.
Carton,Pasteboard for paper boxes; also  a pasteboard box.
Cartoonist,One skilled in drawing cartoons.
Cartouches,of Cartouch
Cartularies,of Cartulary
Cartulary,A register  or record as of a monastery or church.
Cartway,A way or road for carts.
Cartwright,An artificer who makes carts; a cart maker.
Carucage,A tax on every plow or plowland.
Caruncle,Alt. of Caruncula
Caruncular,Alt. of Carunculous
Carunculous,Of  pertaining to or like a caruncle; furnished with caruncles.
Carunculate,Alt. of Carunculated
Carunculated,Having a caruncle or caruncles; caruncular.
Carus,Coma with complete insensibility; deep lethargy.
Carved,of Carve
Carving,of Carve
Carve,To cut.
Carvel,Same as Caravel.
Carven,Wrought by carving; ornamented by carvings; carved.
Carvene,An oily substance  C10H16 extracted from oil caraway.
Carvol,One of a species of aromatic oils  resembling carvacrol.
Car wheel,A flanged wheel of a railway car or truck.
Caryatic,Alt. of Caryatid
Caryatid,Of or pertaining to a caryatid.
Caryatids,of Caryatid
Caryatides,Caryatids.
Caryophyllous,Caryophyllaceous.
Caryopses,of Caryopsis
Casal,Of or pertaining to case; as  a casal ending.
Cased,of Case
Casing,of Case
Caseation,A degeneration of animal tissue into a cheesy or curdy mass.
Case-bay,The space between two principals or girders
Casehardened,Having the surface hardened  as iron tools.
Casehardening,The act or process of converting the surface of iron into steel.
Caseic,Of or pertaining to cheese; as  caseic acid.
Case knife,A knife carried in a sheath or case.
Casemated,Furnished with  protected by or built like a casemate.
Casemented,Having a casement or casements.
Caseum,Same as Casein.
Caseworm,A worm or grub that makes for itself a case. See Caddice.
Cashed,of Cash
Cahiered,of Cashier
Cashiering,of Cashier
Cashoo,See Catechu.
Casings,Dried dung of cattle used as fuel.
Casinos,of Casino
Casini,of Casino
Casino,A small country house.
Cask,Same as Casque.
Cass,To render useless or void; to annul; to reject; to send away.
Cassada,See Cassava.
Cassate,To render void or useless; to vacate or annul.
Cassation,The act of annulling.
Casse Paper,Broken paper; the outside quires of a ream.
Casserole,A small round dish with a handle  usually of porcelain.
Cassidony,The French lavender (Lavandula Stoechas)
Cassimere,A thin  twilled woolen cloth used for men's garments.
Cassinian ovals,See under Oval.
Cassocked,Clothed with a cassock.
Cassolette,a box  or vase with a perforated cover to emit perfumes.
Cassonade,Raw sugar; sugar not refined.
Cassowaries,of Cassowary
Cassumunar,Alt. of Cassumuniar
Cast,of Cast
Casting,of Cast
Castanet,See Castanets.
Castaway,One who  or that which is cast away or shipwrecked.
Castellan,A governor or warden of a castle.
Castellanies,of Castellany
Castellation,The act of making into a castle.
Castigated,of Castigate
Castigating,of Castigate
Castigation,Corrective punishment; chastisement; reproof; pungent criticism.
Castigator,One who castigates or corrects.
Castigatory,Punitive in order to amendment; corrective.
Castilian,An inhabitant or native of Castile  in Spain.
Castillan,Of or pertaining to Castile  in Spain.
Castled,of Castle
Castling,of Castle
Castle-guard,The guard or defense of a castle.
Castlery,The government of a castle.
Castlet,A small castle.
Castleward,Same as Castleguard.
Cast-off,Cast or laid aside; as  cast-off clothes.
Castor,A genus of rodents  including the beaver. See Beaver.
Castorite,A variety of the mineral called petalite  from Elba.
Castor and Pollux,See Saint Elmo's fire  under Saint.
Castorin,A white crystalline substance obtained from castoreum.
Castrametation,The art or act of encamping; the making or laying out of a camp.
Castrated,of Castrate
Castrating,of Castrate
Castrate,To deprive of the testicles; to emasculate; to geld; to alter.
Castration,The act of castrating.
Castrel,See Kestrel.
Castrensial,Belonging to a camp.
Castrensian,Castrensial.
Cast steel,See Cast steel  under Steel.
Casualism,The doctrine that all things exist or are controlled by chance.
Casualist,One who believes in casualism.
Casualness,The quality of being casual.
Casualties,of Casualty
Casuist,One who is skilled in  or given to casuistry.
Casuistic,Alt. of Casuistieal
Casuistieal,Of or pertaining to casuists or casuistry.
tted,of Cat
Catting,of Cat
Catabaptist,One who opposes baptism  especially of infants.
Catabasion,A vault under altar of a Greek church.
Catabiotic,See under Force.
Catachrestic,Alt. of Catachrestical
Cataclysm,An extensive overflow or sweeping flood of water; a deluge.
Cataclysmal,Alt. of Cataclysmic
Cataclysmic,Of or pertaining to a cataclysm.
Catadioptric,Alt. of Catadioptrical
Catadrome,A race course.
Catafalco,See Catafalque.
Catagmatic,Having the quality of consolidating broken bones.
Catalan,Of or pertaining to Catalonia.
Catalepsy,Alt. of Catalepsis
Catallactics,The science of exchanges  a branch of political economy.
Catalog,Catalogue.
Catalogize,To insert in a catalogue; to register; to catalogue.
Catalogued,of Catalogue
Cataloguing,of Catalogue
Catalyse,of Catalysis
Catalysis,Dissolution; degeneration; decay.
Catalytic,Relating to  or causing catalysis.
Catamenia,The monthly courses of women; menstrual discharges; menses.
Catamenial,Pertaining to the catamenia  or menstrual discharges.
Catamite,A boy kept for unnatural purposes.
Catapeltic,Of or pertaining to a catapult.
Cataphonic,Of or relating to cataphonics; catacoustic.
Cataphractic,Of  pertaining to or resembling a cataphract.
Cataphysical,Unnatural; contrary to nature.
Catapuce,Spurge.
Cataract,A great fall of water over a precipice; a large waterfall.
Cataractous,Of the nature of a cataract in the eye; affected with cataract.
Catarrhous,Catarrhal.
Catastaltic,Checking evacuations through astringent or styptic qualities.
Catasterism,A placing among the stars; a catalogue of stars.
Catastrophic,Of a pertaining to a catastrophe.
Catastrophist,One who holds the theory or catastrophism.
Catawba,A well known light red variety of American grape.
Caught,of Catch
Catched,of Catch
Catching,of Catch
Catchable,Capable of being caught.
Catcher,One who  or that which catches.
Catchpoll,A bailiff's assistant.
Catchup,Alt. of Catsup
Catsup,A table sauce made from mushrooms  tomatoes walnuts etc.
Catchwater,A ditch or drain for catching water. See Catchdrain.
Catchweed,See Cleavers.
Cate,Food. [Obs.] See Cates.
Catechetic,Alt. of Catechetical
Catechetically,In a catechetical manner; by question and answer.
Catechetics,The science or practice of instructing by questions and answers.
Catechisation,The act of catechising.
Catechised,of Catechise
Catechising,of Catechise
Catechiser,One who catechises.
Catechism,A form of instruction by means of questions and answers.
Catechistic,Alt. of Catechistical
Catechistical,Of or pertaining to a catechist or to a catechism.
Catechize,See Catechise.
Catechuic,Of or pertaining to catechu or its derivatives. See catechin.
Catechumenist,A catechumen.
Categorical,Of or pertaining to a category.
Categoricalness,The quality of being categorical  positive or absolute.
Categorist,One who inserts in a category or list; one who classifies.
Categorize,To insert in a category or list; to class; to catalogue.
Categories,of Category
Catelectrode,The negative electrode or pole of a voltaic battery.
Catelectrotonic,Relating to  or characterized by catelectrotonus.
Catene,of Catena
Catena,A chain or series of things connected with each other.
Catenary,Alt. of Catenarian
Catenarian,Relating to a chain; like a chain; as  a catenary curve.
Catenated,of Catenate
Catenating,of Catenate
Catenate,To connect  in a series of links or ties; to chain.
Catenulate,Consisting of little links or chains.
Cater,A provider; a purveyor; a caterer.
Catered,of Cater
Catering,of Cater
Cateran,A Highland robber: a kind of irregular soldier.
Cater-cornered,Diagonal.
Cater-cousin,A remote relation. See Quater-cousin.
Caterer,One who caters.
Cateress,A woman who caters.
Caterwauled,of Caterwaul
Caterwauling,of Caterwaul
Catery,The place where provisions are deposited.
Cat-eyed,Having eyes like a cat; hence  able to see in the dark.
Catfall,A rope used in hoisting the anchor to the cathead.
Catharine wheel,See catherine wheel.
Cat-harpin,See Cat-harping.
Cathartic,Alt. of Catharical
Catharical,Cleansing the bowels; promoting evacuations by stool; purgative.
Cathedralic,Cathedral.
Cathedrated,Relating to the chair or office of a teacher.
Catheretic,A mild kind caustic used to reduce warts and other excrescences.
Catheterism,Alt. of Catheterization
Catheterization,The operation of introducing a catheter.
Catheterized,of Catheterize
Catheterizing,of Catheterize
Catheterize,To operate on with a catheter.
Catheti,of Cathetus
Catholic,Universal or general; as  the catholic faith.
Catholical,Catholic.
Catholicity,The state or quality of being catholic; universality.
Catholicize,To make or to become catholic or Roman Catholic.
Catholicly,In a catholic manner; generally; universally.
Catholicness,The quality of being catholic; universality; catholicity.
Catholicon,A remedy for all diseases; a panacea.
Catlike,Like a cat; stealthily; noiselessly.
Catling,A little cat; a kitten.
Catnip,Alt. of Catmint
Cato-cathartic,A remedy that purges by alvine discharges.
Cat o' nine tails,See under Cat.
Catopter,Alt. of Catoptron
Catoptron,A reflecting optical glass or instrument; a mirror.
Catoptric,Alt. of Catoptrical
Catoptrical,Of or pertaining to catoptrics; produced by reflection.
Catopron,See Catopter.
Catpipe,See Catcall.
Cat-rigged,Rigged like a catboat.
Cat-silver,Mica.
Catsos,of Catso
Catso,A base fellow; a rogue; a cheat.
Cat's-tail,See Timothy  Cat-tail Cirrus.
Catstitch,To fold and sew down the edge of with a coarse zigzag stitch.
Cattish,Catlike; feline
Catty,An East Indian Weight of 1 1/3 pounds.
Caucused,of Caucus
Caucusing,of Caucus
Caudad,Backwards; toward the tail or posterior part.
Caudata,See Urodela.
Caudate,Alt. of Caudated
Caudated,Having a tail; having a termination like a tail.
Caudices,of Caudex
Caudexes,of Caudex
Caudicle,Alt. of Caudicula
Caudled,of Caudle
Caudling,of Caudle
Cauf,A chest with holes for keeping fish alive in water.
Caufle,A gang of slaves. Same as Coffle.
Cauk,Alt. of Cauker
Cauker,See Cawk  Calker.
Caul,A covering of network for the head  worn by women; also a net.
Caulescent,Having a leafy stem.
Cauliculi,of Cauliculus
Cauliform,Having the form of a caulis.
Cauline,Growing immediately on a caulis; of or pertaining to a caulis.
Caules,of Caulis
Caulk,See Calk.
Cauma,Great heat  as of the body in fever.
Cauponize,To sell wine or victuals.
Causable,Capable of being caused.
Causationist,One who believes in the law of universal causation.
Causative,Effective  as a cause or agent; causing.
Causatively,In a causative manner.
Causator,One who causes.
Caused,of Cause
Causing,of Cause
Causeful,Having a cause.
Causeless,1. Self-originating; uncreated.
Causelessness,The state of being causeless.
Causer,One who or that which causes.
Causeuse,A kind of sofa for two persons. A tete-/-tete.
Causeway,Alt. of Causey
Causewayed,Alt. of Causeyed
Causeyed,Having a raised way (causeway or causey); paved.
Caustic,Alt. of Caustical
Caustically,In a caustic manner.
Causticness,The quality of being caustic; causticity.
Cautel,Caution; prudence; wariness.
Cautelous,Caution; prudent; wary.
Cauter,A hot iron for searing or cauterizing.
Cauterant,A cauterizing substance.
Cauterism,The use or application of a caustic; cautery.
Cauterized,of Cauterize
Cauterizing,of Cauterize
Cauterize,To burn or sear with a cautery or caustic.
Cauteries,of Cautery
Cautioned,of Caution
Cautioning,of Caution
Cautioner,One who cautions or advises.
Cautionry,Suretyship.
Cautiously,In a cautious manner.
Cautiousness,The quality of being cautious.
Cavalero,Alt. of Cavaliero
Cavaliero,A cavalier; a gallant; a libertine.
Cavalier,A military man serving on horseback; a knight.
Cavalierish,Somewhat like a cavalier.
Cavalierism,The practice or principles of cavaliers.
Cavalierly,In a supercilious  disdainful or haughty manner; arrogantly.
Cavalierness,A disdainful manner.
Cavalry,That part of military force which serves on horseback.
Cavalryman,One of a body of cavalry.
Caved,of Cave
Caving,of Cave
Caveator,One who enters a caveat.
Cavern,A large  deep hollow place in the earth; a large cave.
Caverned,Containing caverns.
Cavernous,Full of caverns; resembling a cavern or large cavity; hollow.
Cavernulous,Full of little cavities; as  cavernulous metal.
Cavesson,Alt. of Cavezon
Cavezon,A kind of noseband used in breaking and training horses.
Caviare,Alt. of Caviar
Cavicorn,Having hollow horns.
Caviled,of Cavil
Cavilled,of Cavil
Caviling,of Cavil
Cavilling,of Cavil
Caviler,Alt. of Caviller
Caviller,One who cavils.
Cavilingly,In a caviling manner.
Cavillation,Frivolous or sophistical objection.
Cavilous,Alt. of Cavillous
Cavillous,Characterized by caviling  or disposed to cavil; quibbing.
Cavitary,Containing a body cavity; as  the cavitary or nematoid worms.
Cavities,of Cavity
Cavity,Hollowness.
Cavo-relievo,Cavo-rilievo.
Cavorted,of Cavort
Cavorting,of Cavort
Cavort,To prance ostentatiously; -- said of a horse or his rider.
Cavies,of Cavy
Cawed,of Caw
Cawing,of Caw
Caw,To cry like a crow  rook or raven.
Cawk,An opaque  compact variety of barite or heavy spar.
Cawker,See Calker.
Cawky,Of or pertaining to cawk; like cawk.
Caxon,A kind of wig.
Caxton,Any book printed by William Caxton  the first English printer.
Cay,See Key  a ledge.
Cayenne,Cayenne pepper.
Cayman,The south America alligator. See Alligator.
Cayuse,An Indian pony.
Cazique,Alt. of Cazic
Cazic,A chief or petty king among some tribes of Indians in America.
Ceased,of Cease
Ceasing,of Cease
Ceaseless,Without pause or end; incessant.
Cecity,Blindness.
Cecutiency,Partial blindness  or a tendency to blindness.
Cedared,Covered  or furnished with cedars.
Cedarn,Of or pertaining to the cedar or its wood.
Ceded,of Cede
Ceding,of Cede
Cedrine,Of or pertaining to cedar or the cedar tree.
Cedriret,Same as Coerulignone.
Cedry,Of the nature of cedar.
Cedule,A scroll; a writing; a schedule.
Ceduous,Fit to be felled.
Ceiled,of Ceil
Ceiling,of Ceil
Ceint,A girdle.
Celature,The act or art of engraving or embossing.
Celebrated,of Celebrate
Celebrating,of Celebrate
Celebration,The act  process or time of celebrating.
Celebrator,One who celebrates; a praiser.
Celebrious,Famous.
Celebrities,of Celebrity
Celebrity,Celebration; solemnization.
Celerity,Rapidity of motion; quickness; swiftness.
Celestial,Belonging to the aerial regions  or visible heavens.
Celestialize,To make celestial.
Celestially,In a celestial manner.
Celestify,To make like heaven.
Celestine,Alt. of Celestite
Celiac,See Coellac.
Celibate,Celibate state; celibacy.
Celibatist,One who lives unmarried.
Celled,of Cell
Cellarage,The space or storerooms of a cellar; a cellar.
Cellarist,Same as Cellarer.
Celliferous,Bearing or producing cells.
Cellos,of Cello
Celli,of Cello
Cello,A contraction for Violoncello.
Cellulated,Cellular.
Cellule,A small cell.
Celluliferous,Bearing or producing little cells.
Cellulose,Consisting of  or containing cells.
Celsiture,Height; altitude.
Celticism,A custom of the Celts  or an idiom of their language.
Celticize,To render Celtic; to assimilate to the Celts.
Cembalo,An old name for the harpsichord.
Cemented,of Cement
Cementing,of Cement
Cemental,Of or pertaining to cement  as of a tooth; as cemental tubes.
Cementation,The act or process of cementing.
Cementatory,Having the quality of cementing or uniting firmly.
Cementer,A person or thing that cements.
Cementitious,Of the nature of cement.
Cemeterial,Of or pertaining to a cemetery.
Cemeteries,of Cemetery
Cenation,Meal-taking; dining or supping.
Cenatory,Of or pertaining to dinner or supper.
Cenobitic,Alt. of Cenobitical
Cenobitical,Of or pertaining to a cenobite.
Cenotaphy,A cenotaph.
Cense,A census; -- also  a public rate or tax.
Censed,of Cense
Censing,of Cense
Censer,A vessel for perfumes; esp. one in which incense is burned.
Censorial,Belonging to a censor  or to the correction of public morals.
Censorian,Censorial.
Censorship,The office or power of a censor; as  to stand for a censorship.
Censual,Relating to  or containing a census.
Censure,Judgment either favorable or unfavorable; opinion.
Censured,of Censure
Censuring,of Censure
Censurer,One who censures.
Centage,Rate by the hundred; percentage.
Centaur,A fabulous being  represented as half man and half horse.
Centenarian,Of or relating to a hundred years.
Centenary,Relating to  or consisting of a hundred.
Centenaries,of Centenary
Centennially,Once in a hundred years.
Centered,of Centre
Centred,of Centre
Centering,of Centre
Centring,of Centre
Centre,To be placed in a center; to be central.
Centerbit,Alt. of Centrebit
Centerboard,Alt. of Centreboard
Centerfire cartridge,See under Cartridge.
Centerpiece,Alt. of Centrepiece
Centesimal,Hundredth.
Centesm,Hundredth.
Centesimo,A copper coin of Italy and Spain equivalent to a centime.
Centiare,See centare.
Centicipitous,Hundred-headed.
Centifidous,Divided into a hundred parts.
Centifolious,Having a hundred leaves.
Centigram,Alt. of Centigramme
Centiliter,Alt. of Centilitre
Centiloquy,A work divided into a hundred parts.
Centimeter,Alt. of Centimetre
Centinel,Sentinel.
Centistere,The hundredth part of a stere  equal to .353 cubic feet.
Centos,of Cento
Centralities,of Centrality
Centrality,The state of being central; tendency towards a center.
Centralized,of Centralize
Centralizing,of Centralize
Centrally,In a central manner or situation.
Centric,Alt. of Centrical
Centrical,Placed in the center or middle; central.
Centricity,The state or quality of being centric; centricalness.
Centrifugal,Tending  or causing to recede from the center.
Centrifugence,The property or quality of being centrifugal.
Centripetal,Tending  or causing to approach the center.
Centripetence,Centripetency.
Centripetency,Tendency toward the center.
Centrums,of Centrum
Centra,of Centrum
Centrum,The body  or axis of a vertebra. See Vertebra.
Centry,See Sentry.
Centumviri,of Centumvir
Centumviral,Of or pertaining to the centumviri  or to a centumvir.
Centumvirate,The office of a centumvir  or of the centumviri.
Centuple,Hundredfold.
Centuplicated,of Centuplicate
Centuplicating,of Centuplicate
Centuplicate,To make a hundredfold; to repeat a hundred times.
Centurial,Of or pertaining to a century; as  a centurial sermon.
Centuriate,Pertaining to  or divided into centuries or hundreds.
Centuriator,Alt. of Centurist
Centuries,of Century
Cepevorous,Feeding upon onions.
Cephalalgia,Alt. of Cephalalgy
Cephalalgy,Pain in the head; headache.
Cephalalgic,Relating to  or affected with headache.
Cephalanthium,Same as Anthodium.
Cephalate,Having a head.
Cephalic,Of or pertaining to the head. See the Note under Anterior.
Cephalitis,Same as Phrenitis.
Cephalocercal,Relating to the long axis of the body.
Cephaloid,Shaped like the head.
Cephalology,The science which treats of the head.
Cephalon,The head.
Cephalophora,The cephalata.
Cephalopod,Alt. of Cephalopode
Cephalopode,One of the Cephalopoda.
Cephalopoda,The highest class of Mollusca.
Cephalopodic,Alt. of Cephalopodous
Cephalopodous,Belonging to  or resembling the cephalopods.
Cephalosome,The anterior region or head of insects and other arthropods.
Cephalotomy,Dissection or opening of the head.
Cephalotribe,An obstetrical instrument for performing cephalotripsy.
Cephalotrocha,A kind of annelid larva with a circle of cilia around the head.
Ceraceous,Having the texture and color of new wax; like wax; waxy.
Cerago,Beebread.
Ceramics,The art of making things of baked clay; as pottery  tiles etc.
Cerasinous,Pertaining to  or containing cerasin.
Cerated,Covered with wax.
Ceratine,Sophistical.
Ceraunics,That branch of physics which treats of heat and electricity.
Cerberean,Of or pertaining to  or resembling Cerberus.
Cercal,Of or pertaining to the tail.
Cercarle,of Cercaria
Cercarian,Of  like or pertaining to the Cercariae.
Cerci,of Cercus
Cercus,See Cercopod.
Cered,of Cere
Cering,of Cere
Cerealia,Public festivals in honor of Ceres.
Cerebel,The cerebellum.
Cerebellar,Alt. of Cerebellous
Cerebellous,Pertaining to the cerebellum.
Cerebellums,of Cerebellum
Cerebella,of Cerebellum
Cerebral,Of or pertaining to the cerebrum.
Cerebralist,One who accepts cerebralism.
Cerebrate,To exhibit mental activity; to have the brain in action.
Cerebration,Action of the brain  whether conscious or unconscious.
Cerebric,Of  pertaining to or derived from the brain.
Cerebricity,Brain power.
Cerebriform,Like the brain in form or substance.
Cerebritis,Inflammation of the cerebrum.
Cerebroid,Resembling  or analogous to the cerebrum or brain.
Cerebrology,The science which treats of the cerebrum or brain.
Cerebrums,of Cerebrum
Cerebra,of Cerebrum
Ceremonialism,Adherence to external rites; fondness for ceremony.
Ceremonialness,Quality of being ceremonial.
Ceremoniously,In a ceremonious way.
Ceremoniousness,The quality  or practice of being ceremonious.
Ceremonies,of Ceremony
Cereous,Waxen; like wax.
Cerial,Same as Cerrial.
Ceriferous,Producing wax.
Cerograph,A writing on wax.
Cerographic,Alt. of Cerographical
Cerographical,Of or pertaining to cerography.
Cerographist,One who practices cerography.
Cerography,The art of making characters or designs in  or with wax.
Ceromancy,Divination by dropping melted wax in water.
Ceroplastic,Relating to the art of modeling in wax.
Ceroplastics,Alt. of Ceroplasty
Ceroplasty,The art of modeling in wax.
Cerote,See Cerate.
Cerrial,Of or pertaining to the cerris.
Certainly,Without doubt or question; unquestionably.
Certainness,Certainty.
Certainties,of Certainty
Certainty,The quality  state or condition of being certain.
Certes,Certainly; in truth; verily.
Certificated,of Certificate
Certificating,of Certificate
Certification,The act of certifying.
Certifier,One who certifies or assures.
Certified,of Certify
Certifying,of Certify
Certify,To give cetain information to; to assure; to make certain.
Certitude,Freedom from doubt; assurance; certainty.
Cerule,Blue; cerulean.
Cerulean,Sky-colored; blue; azure.
Ceruleous,Cerulean.
Cerulific,Producing a blue or sky color.
Ceruminous,Pertaining to  or secreting cerumen; as the ceruminous glands.
Ceruse,White lead  used as a pigment. See White lead under White.
Cerused,Washed with a preparation of white lead; as  cerused face.
Cerusite,Alt. of Cerussite
Cervantite,See under Antimony.
Cervelat,An ancient wind instrument  resembling the bassoon in tone.
Cervical,Of or pertaining to the neck; as  the cervical vertebrae.
Cervicide,The act of killing deer; deer-slaying.
Cervine,Of or pertaining to the deer  or to the family Cervidae.
Cervixes,of Cervix
Cervices,of Cervix
Cesarean,Alt. of Cesarian
Cesarian,Same as Caesarean  Caesarian.
Cesarism,See Caesarism.
Cespititious,Same as Cespitious.
Cespitous,Pertaining to  consisting of resembling turf; turfy.
Cess,A rate or tax.
Cessed,of Cess
Cessing,of Cess
Cessant,Inactive; dormant
Cessible,Giving way; yielding.
Cession,A yielding to physical force.
Cessionary,Having surrendered the effects; as  a cessionary bankrupt.
Cessment,An assessment or tax.
Cest,A woman's girdle; a cestus.
Cestode,Of or pertaining to the Cestoidea.
Cestoid,Of or pertaining to the Cestoidea.
Cestoldean,One of the Cestoidea.
Cestuy,Alt. of Cestui
Cestui,He; the one.
Cesura,See Caesura.
Cesural,See Caesural.
Cetacean,One of the Cetacea.
Cetaceous,Of or pertaining to the Cetacea.
Cete,One of the Cetacea  or collectively the Cetacea.
Ceterach,A species of fern with fronds (Asplenium Ceterach).
Cetewale,Same as Zedoary.
Cetic,Of or pertaining to a whale.
Cetological,Of or pertaining to cetology.
Cetologist,One versed in cetology.
Cetology,The description or natural history of cetaceous animals.
Cetylic,Of  pertaining to or derived from spermaceti.
Ceylonese,Of or pertaining to Ceylon.
Chab,The red-bellied wood pecker (Melanerpes Carolinus).
Chabasite,Alt. of Cabazite
Chablis,A white wine made near Chablis  a town in France.
Chabouk,Alt. of Chabuk
Chace,See 3d Chase  n. 3.
Chachalaca,The Texan guan (Ortalis vetula).
Chad,See Shad.
Chaetiferous,Bearing setae.
Chaetognath,Of or pertaining to the Chaetognatha.
Chaetopod,Pertaining to the Chaetopoda.
Chaetotaxy,The arrangement of bristles on an insect.
Chafed,of Chafe
Chafing,of Chafe
Chafer,One who chafes.
Chafewax,Alt. of Chaffwax
Chafeweed,The cudweed (Gnaphalium)  used to prevent or cure chafing.
Chaffed,of Chaff
Chaffing,of Chaff
Chaffer,One who chaffs.
Chaffered,of Chaffer
Chaffering,of Chaffer
Chafferer,One who chaffers; a bargainer.
Chaffern,A vessel for heating water.
Chaffery,Traffic; bargaining.
Chaffless,Without chaff.
Chaffy,Abounding in  or resembling chaff.
Chagreen,See Shagreen.
Chagrin,Vexation; mortification.
Chagrined,of Chagrin
Chargrining,of Chagrin
Chained,of Chain
Chaining,of Chain
Chainless,Having no chain; not restrained or fettered.
Chainlet,A small chain.
Chain wheel,A chain pulley  or sprocket wheel.
Chair,A movable single seat with a back.
Chaired,of Chair
Chairing,of Chair
Chairmen,of Chairman
Chairmanship,The office of a chairman of a meeting or organized body.
Chalazas,of Chalaza
Chalazae,of Chalaza
Chalazal,Of or pertaining to the chalaza.
Chalaze,Same as Chalaza.
Chalaziferous,Having or bearing chalazas.
Chalcanthite,Native blue vitriol. See Blue vitriol  under Blue.
Chalcedonic,Of or pertaining to chalcedony.
Chalcedonies,of Chalcedony
Chalchihuitl,The Mexican name for turquoise. See Turquoise.
Chalcographer,Alt. of Chalcographist
Chaldaic,Of or pertaining to Chaldea.
Chaldaism,An idiom or peculiarity in the Chaldee dialect.
Chaldean,Of or pertaining to Chaldea.
Chaldee,Of or pertaining to Chaldea.
Chaldrich,Alt. of Chalder
Chalder,A kind of bird; the oyster catcher.
Chalet,A herdsman's hut in the mountains of Switzerland.
Chaliced,Having a calyx or cup; cup-shaped.
Chalked,of Chalk
Chalking,of Chalk
Chalkcutter,A man who digs chalk.
Chalkiness,The state of being chalky.
Chalkstone,A mass of chalk.
Challenged,of Challenge
Challenging,of Challenge
Challengeable,That may be challenged.
Challenger,One who challenges.
Chalon,A bed blanket.
Chalybeous,Steel blue; of the color of tempered steel.
Chalybite,Native iron carbonate; -- usually called siderite.
Cham,To chew.
Chamade,A signal made for a parley by beat of a drum.
Chamal,The Angora goat. See Angora goat  under Angora.
Chambered,of Chamber
Chambering,of Chamber
Chamberer,One who attends in a chamber; a chambermaid.
Chamberlain,An officer or servant who has charge of a chamber or chambers.
Chamberlainship,Office of a chamberlain.
Chambertin,A red wine from Chambertin near Dijon  in Burgundy.
Chambrel,Same as Gambrel.
Chameleonize,To change into various colors.
Chamfered,of Chamfer
Chamfering,of Chamfer
Chamfret,A small gutter; a furrow; a groove.
Chamfron,The frontlet  or head armor of a horse.
Chamlet,See Camlet.
Champed,of Champ
Champing,of Champ
Champ,To bite with repeated action of the teeth so as to be heard.
Champe,The field or ground on which carving appears in relief.
Champaign,A flat  open country.
Champer,One who champs  or bites.
Champerty,Partnership in power; equal share of authority.
Champignon,An edible species of mushroom (Agaricus campestris).
Championed,of Champion
Championing,of Champion
Championness,A female champion.
Championship,State of being champion; leadership; supremacy.
Chamsin,See Kamsin.
Chanced,of Chance
Chancing,of Chance
Chanceable,Fortuitous; casual.
Chanceably,By chance.
Chanceful,Hazardous.
Chancellery,Chancellorship.
Chancrous,Of the nature of a chancre; having chancre.
Chandler,A maker or seller of candles.
Chandlerly,Like a chandler; in a petty way.
Chandlery,Commodities sold by a chandler.
Chandry,Chandlery.
Chanfrin,The fore part of a horse's head.
Changed,of Change
Changing,of Change
Changeability,Changeableness.
Changeably,In a changeable manner.
Changeful,Full of change; mutable; inconstant; fickle; uncertain.
Changeless,That can not be changed; constant; as  a changeless purpose.
Changer,One who changes or alters the form of anything.
Channel,The hollow bed where a stream of water runs or may run.
Channeled,of Channel
Channelled,of Channel
Channeling,of Channel
Channelling,of Channel
Chanson,A song.
Chansonnettes,of Chansonnette
Chansonnette,A little song.
Chanted,of Chant
Chanting,of Chant
Chant,To utter with a melodious voice; to sing.
Chantant,Composed in a melodious and singing style.
Chanter,One who chants; a singer or songster.
Chantor,A chanter.
Chantress,A female chanter or singer.
Chantries,of Chantry
Chaomancy,Divination by means of appearances in the air.
Chaos,An empty  immeasurable space; a yawning chasm.
Chaotic,Resembling chaos; confused.
Chaotically,In a chaotic manner.
Chapped,of Chap
Chapping,of Chap
Chaparral,A thicket of low evergreen oaks.
Chapeux,of Chapeau
Chapeau,A hat or covering for the head.
Chaped,Furnished with a chape or chapes.
Chapel,A subordinate place of worship
Chapeless,Without a chape.
Chapellanies,of Chapellany
Chapelry,The territorial district legally assigned to a chapel.
Chaperon,A hood; especially  an ornamental or an official hood.
Chaperoned,of Chaperon
Chaperoning,of Chaperon
Chapiter,A capital [Obs.] See Chapital.
Chaplaincy,The office  position or station of a chaplain.
Chaplainship,The office or business of a chaplain.
Chapless,Having no lower jaw; hence  fleshless.
Chaplet,A garland or wreath to be worn on the head.
Chapleted,of Chaplet
Chapmen,of Chapman
Chapman,One who buys and sells; a merchant; a buyer or a seller.
Chappy,Full of chaps; cleft; gaping; open.
Chaps,The jaws  or the fleshy parts about them. See Chap.
Chaptrel,An impost.
Char,Alt. of Charr
Chare,To perform; to do; to finish.
Charred,of Char
Charring,of Char
Chars-a-banc,of Char-a-bancs
Character,A distinctive mark; a letter  figure or symbol.
Charactered,of Character
Characterism,A distinction of character; a characteristic.
Characteristical,Characteristic.
Characteristically,In a characteristic manner; in a way that characterizes.
Characterization,The act or process of characterizing.
Characterized,of Characterize
Characterizing,of Characterize
Charbocle,Carbuncle.
Charged,of Charge
Charging,of Charge
Charge,To lay on or impose  as a load tax or burden; to load; to fill.
Chargeableness,The quality of being chargeable or expensive.
Chargeably,At great cost; expensively.
Chargeant,Burdensome; troublesome.
Charges d'affaires,of Charge d'affaires
Chargeful,Costly; expensive.
Chargehouse,A schoolhouse.
Chargeless,Free from  or with little charge.
Chargeous,Burdensome.
Charger,One who  or that which charges.
Chargeship,The office of a charge d'affaires.
Charily,In a chary manner; carefully; cautiously; frugally.
Chariness,The quality of being chary.
Charioted,of Chariot
Charioting,of Chariot
Chariotee,A light  covered four-wheeled pleasure carriage with two seats.
Charioteer,One who drives a chariot.
Charismatic,Of or pertaining to a charism.
Charitable,Full of love and good will; benevolent; kind.
Charitableness,The quality of being charitable; the exercise of charity.
Charitably,In a charitable manner.
Charities,of Charity
Charity,Love; universal benevolence; good will.
Chark,Charcoal; a cinder.
Charked,of Chark
Charlatanic,Alt. of Charlatanical
Charlatanism,Charlatanry.
Charlatanry,Undue pretensions to skill; quackery; wheedling; empiricism.
Charm,A melody; a song.
Charmed,of Charm
Charming,of Charm
Charmel,A fruitful field.
Charmeress,An enchantress.
Charmful,Abounding with charms.
Charmless,Destitute of charms.
Charneco,Alt. of Charnico
Charnico,A sort of sweet wine.
Charnel,Containing the bodies of the dead.
Charre,See Charge  n. 17.
Charry,Pertaining to charcoal  or partaking of its qualities.
Charted,of Chart
Chartaceous,Resembling paper or parchment; of paper-like texture; papery.
Chartered,of Charter
Chartering,of Charter
Charterer,One who charters; esp. one who hires a ship for a voyage.
Charterist,Same as Chartist.
Chartist,A supporter or partisan of chartism.
Chartless,Without a chart; having no guide.
Chartographer,Alt. of Chartography
Chartographic,Alt. of Chartography
Chartography,Same as Cartographer  Cartographic Cartography etc.
Chartomancy,Divination by written paper or by cards.
Chartometer,An instrument for measuring charts or maps.
Chartreux,A Carthusian.
Chartulary,See Cartulary.
Charwomen,of Charwoman
Charwoman,A woman hired for odd work or for single days.
Chasable,Capable of being chased; fit for hunting.
Chased,of Chase
Chasing,of Chase
Chaser,One who or that which chases; a pursuer; a driver; a hunter.
Chasible,See Chasuble.
Chasmed,Having gaps or a chasm.
Chasmy,Of or pertaining to a chasm; abounding in chasms.
Chasse,A movement in dancing  as across or to the right or left.
Chasselas,A white grape  esteemed for the table.
Chast,to chasten.
Chaste,Pure from unlawful sexual intercourse; virtuous; continent.
Chastely,In a chaste manner; with purity.
Chastened,of Chasten
Chastening,of Chasten
Chastener,One who chastens.
Chasteness,Chastity; purity.
Chastisable,Capable or deserving of chastisement; punishable.
Chastised,of Chastise
Chastising,of Chastise
Chastiser,One who chastises; a punisher; a corrector.
Chatted,of Chat
Chatting,of Chat
Chateux,of Chateau
Chateau,A castle or a fortress in France.
Chatelet,A little castle.
Chatellany,Same as Castellany.
Chati,A small South American species of tiger cat (Felis mitis).
Chatoyment,Changeableness of color  as in a mineral; play of colors.
Chattered,of Chatter
Chattering,of Chatter
Chatteration,The act or habit of chattering.
Chatterer,A prater; an idle talker.
Chatty,Given to light  familiar talk; talkative.
Chatwood,Little sticks; twigs for burning; fuel.
Chaudron,See Chawdron.
Chauldron,See Chawdron.
Chaun,A gap.
Chaunt,See Chant.
Chaunter,A street seller of ballads and other broadsides.
Chaunterie,See Chantry.
Chaus,a lynxlike animal of Asia and Africa (Lynx Lybicus).
Chaussure,A foot covering of any kind.
Chavender,The chub.
Chawed,of Chaw
Chawing,of Chaw
Chawdron,Entrails.
Cheap,A bargain; a purchase; cheapness.
Cheapened,of Cheapen
Cheapening,of Cheapen
Cheapen,To ask the price of; to bid  bargain or chaffer for.
Cheapener,One who cheapens.
Cheap-jack,Alt. of Cheap-john
Cheap-john,A seller of low-priced or second goods; a hawker.
Cheapness,Lowness in price  considering the usual price or real value.
Chear,See Cheer.
Cheated,of Cheat
Cheating,of Cheat
Cheatable,Capable of being cheated.
Cheatableness,Capability of being cheated.
Cheater,One who cheats.
Chebec,See Chebacco.
Checked,of Check
Checking,of Check
Checker,One who checks.
Checkered,of Checker
Checkering,of Checker
Checkerberries,of Checkerberry
Checklaton,Ciclatoun.
Checkless,That can not be checked or restrained.
Checkmated,of Checkmate
Checkmating,of Checkmate
Checkroll,A list of servants in a household; -- called also chequer roll.
Cheek,The side of the face below the eye.
Cheeked,Having a cheek; -- used in composition.
Cheeky,a Brazen-faced; impudent; bold.
Cheeped,of Cheep
Cheep,To chirp  as a young bird.
Cheer,The face; the countenance or its expression.
Cheered,of Cheer
Cheering,of Cheer
Cheerer,One who cheers; one who  or that which gladdens.
Cheerfully,In a cheerful manner  gladly.
Cheerfulness,Good spirits; a state of moderate joy or gayety; alacrity.
Cheerily,In a cheery manner.
Cheeriness,The state of being cheery.
Cheeringly,In a manner to cheer or encourage.
Cheerisness,Cheerfulness.
Cheerless,Without joy  gladness or comfort.
Cheerly,Gay; cheerful.
Cheerry,Cheerful; lively; gay; bright; pleasant; as  a cheery person.
Cheeselep,A bag in which rennet is kept.
Cheesemonger,One who deals in cheese.
Cheeseparing,A thin portion of the rind of a cheese.
Cheesiness,The quality of being cheesy.
Chef,A chief of head person.
Chefs-d'oeuvre,of Chef-d'oeuvre
Chef-d'oeuvre,A masterpiece; a capital work in art  literature etc.
Chegoe,Alt. of Chegre
Chegre,See Chigoe.
Cheilopoda,See Ch/lopoda.
Cheirepter,One of the Cheiroptera.
Cheiropterous,Belonging to the Cheiroptera  or Bat family.
Cheiropterygia,of Cheiropterygium
Cheiropterygium,The typical pentadactyloid limb of the higher vertebrates.
Cheirosophy,The art of reading character as it is delineated in the hand.
Chekelatoun,See Ciclatoun.
Chelae,of Chela
Chela,The pincherlike claw of Crustacea and Arachnida.
Chelate,Same as Cheliferous.
Chelicerae,of Chelicera
Chelidon,The hollow at the flexure of the arm.
Chelidonic,Of  pertaining to or derived from the celandine.
Chelifer,See Book scorpion  under Book.
Cheliferous,Having cheliform claws  like a crab.
Chelonian,Of or pertaining to animals of the tortoise kind.
Chely,A claw. See Chela.
Chemic,A chemist; an alchemist.
Chemiglyphic,Engraved by a voltaic battery.
Chemise,A shift  or undergarment worn by women.
Chemosmosis,Chemical action taking place through an intervening membrane.
Chemosmotic,Pertaining to  or produced by chemosmosis.
Cheng,A chinese reed instrument  with tubes blown by the mouth.
Chepster,The European starling.
Cheque,See Check.
Chequer,Same as Checker.
Chequing,A coin. See Sequin.
Chequy,Same as Checky.
Cherif,See Cherif.
Cherished,of Cherish
Cherising,of Cherish
Cherisher,One who cherishes.
Cherishment,Encouragement; comfort.
Chermes,See Kermes.
Cherogril,See Cony.
Cherty,Like chert; containing chert; flinty.
Cherubs,of Cherub
Cherubim,of Cherub
Cherubic,Alt. of Cherubical
Cherubical,Of or pertaining to cherubs; angelic.
Cherubin,Cherubic; angelic.
Cherup,To make a short  shrill cheerful sound; to chirp. See Chirrup.
Ches,pret. of Chese.
Chese,To choose
Chesible,See Chasuble.
Cheslip,The wood louse.
Chess-apple,The wild service of Europe (Purus torminalis).
Chessel,The wooden mold in which cheese is pressed.
Chessil,Gravel or pebbles.
Chessmen,of Chessman
Chessman,A piece used in the game of chess.
Chessom,Mellow earth; mold.
Chested,of Chest
Chesteyn,The chestnut tree.
Chetah,See Cheetah.
Chevachie,See Chivachie.
Chevage,See Chiefage.
Chevaux,of Cheval
Cheval,A horse; hence  a support or frame.
Chevaux-de-frise,of Cheval-de-frise
Chevalier,A horseman; a knight; a gallant young man.
Chevelure,A hairlike envelope.
Cheven,A river fish; the chub.
Cheventein,A variant of Chieftain.
Cheverliize,To make as pliable as kid leather.
Chevisance,Achievement; deed; performance.
Chevrette,A machine for raising guns or mortar into their carriages.
Chevronel,A bearing like a chevron  but of only half its width.
Chevy,See Chivy  v. t.
Chewed,of Chew
Chewing,of Chew
Chew,To bite and grind with the teeth; to masticate.
Chewer,One who chews.
Chewet,A kind of meat pie.
Chian,Of or pertaining to Chios  an island in the Aegean Sea.
Chiaroscuro,Alt. of Chiaro-oscuro
Chiasm,Alt. of Chiasma
Chibbal,See Cibol.
Chibouque,Alt. of Chibouk
Chic,Good form; style.
Chicaner,One who uses chicanery.
Chiccory,See Chicory.
Chiches,of Chich
Chich,The chick-pea.
Chicha,See Chica.
Chichling,Alt. of Chichling vetch
Chick,To sprout  as seed in the ground; to vegetate.
Chicken,A young bird or fowl  esp. a young barnyard fowl.
Chicken-hearted,Timid; fearful; cowardly.
Chickling,A small chick or chicken.
Chide,To rebuke; to reprove; to scold; to find fault with.
Chider,One who chides or quarrels.
Chideress,She who chides.
Chidester,A female scold.
Chidingly,In a chiding or reproving manner.
Chiefage,A tribute by the head; a capitation tax.
Chief baron,The presiding judge of the court of exchequer.
Chiefest,First or foremost; chief; principal.
Chief justice,The presiding justice  or principal judge of a court.
Chief-justiceship,The office of chief justice.
Chiefless,Without a chief or leader.
Chiefrie,A small rent paid to the lord paramount.
Chieftaincy,Alt. of Chieftainship
Chieftainship,The rank  dignity or office of a chieftain.
Chierte,Love; tender regard.
Chieve,See Cheve  v. i.
Chiffonier,Alt. of niere
Chiffo,Alt. of niere
niere,One who gathers rags and odds and ends; a ragpicker.
Chigoe,Alt. of Chigre
Chikara,The goat antelope (Tragops Bennettii) of India.
Children,of Child
Childed,of Child
Childing,of Child
Childbearing,The act of producing or bringing forth children; parturition.
Childbirth,The act of bringing forth a child; travail; labor.
Childish,Of  pertaining to befitting or resembling a child.
Childlessness,The state of being childless.
Childness,The manner characteristic of a child.
Childship,The state or relation of being a child.
Chili,A kind of red pepper. See Capsicum
Chiliagon,A plane figure of a thousand angles and sides.
Chiliahedron,A figure bounded by a thousand plane surfaces
Chilian,Of or pertaining to Chili.
Chiliarch,The commander or chief of a thousand men.
Chiliarchy,A body consisting of a thousand men.
Chiliasm,The millennium.
Chiliastic,Millenarian.
Chilled,of Chill
Chilling,of Chill
Chilli,See Chili.
Chillness,Coolness; coldness; a chill.
Chilognath,A myriapod of the order Chilognatha.
Chiloma,The tumid upper lip of certain mammals  as of a camel.
Chilopod,A myriapod of the order Chilopoda.
Chilostoma,Alt. of Chilostomata
Chilostomatous,Of or pertaining to the Chilostoma.
Chimaeroid,Related to  or like the chimaera.
Chimb,The edge of a cask  etc; a chine. See Chine n. 3.
Chime,See Chine  n. 3.
Chimed,of Chime
Chiming,of Chime
Chimer,One who chimes.
Chimeras,of Chimera
Chimeric,Chimerical.
Chimerically,Wildy; vainly; fancifully.
Chiminage,A toll for passage through a forest.
Chimneys,of Chimney
Chimney,A fireplace or hearth.
Chimney-piece,A decorative construction around the opening of a fireplace.
China,A country in Eastern Asia.
Chinaldine,See Quinaldine.
Chinamen,of Chinaman
Chinaman,A native of China; a Chinese.
Chincapin,See Chinquapin.
Chinch,The bedbug (Cimex lectularius).
Chincha,A south American rodent of the genus Lagotis.
Chinche,Parsimonious; niggardly.
Chincherie,Penuriousness.
Chinchona,Alt. of Chincona
Chincona,See Cinchona.
Chin cough,Whooping cough.
Chined,of Chine
Chinese,Of or pertaining to China; peculiar to China.
Chinked,of Chink
Chinking,of Chink
Chinky,Full of chinks or fissures; gaping; opening in narrow clefts.
Chinned,Having a chin; -- used chiefly in compounds; as  short-chinned.
Chinoidine,See Quinodine.
Chinoline,See Quinoline.
Chinone,See Quinone.
Chinsed,of Chinse
Chinsing,of Chinse
Chintzes,of Chintz
Chioppine,Same as Chopine  n.
Chipped,of Chip
Chipping,of Chip
Chipper,To chirp or chirrup.
Chipping bird,The chippy.
Chipping squirrel,See Chipmunk.
Chippy,Abounding in  or resembling chips; dry and tasteless.
Chips,A ship's carpenter.
Chiragra,Gout in the hand.
Chiragrical,Having the gout in the hand  or subject to that disease.
Chirk,To shriek; to gnash; to utter harsh or shrill cries.
Chirm,To chirp or to make a mournful cry  as a bird.
Chirographer,One who practice the art or business of writing or engrossing.
Chirographic,Alt. of Chirographical
Chirographical,Of or pertaining to chirography.
Chirographist,A chirographer; a writer or engrosser.
Chirological,Relating to chirology.
Chiromancer,One who practices chiromancy.
Chiromanist,Alt. of Chiromantist
Chiromantist,A chiromancer.
Chiromantic,Alt. of Chiromantical
Chiromantical,Of or pertaining to chiromancy.
Chiromonic,Relating to chironomy.
Chironomy,The art of moving the hands in oratory or in pantomime; gesture
Chiropody,The art of treating diseases of the hands and feet.
Chirosophist,A fortune teller.
Chirped,of Chirp
Chirping,of Chirp
Chirp,To make a shop  sharp cheerful as of small birds or crickets.
Chirper,One who chirps  or is cheerful.
Chirpingly,In a chirping manner.
Chirre,To coo  as a pigeon.
Chirruped,of Chirrup
Chirruping,of Chirrup
Chirrup,To quicken or animate by chirping; to cherup.
Chirrupy,Cheerful; joyous; chatty.
Chirurgeon,A surgeon.
Chirurgeonly,Surgically.
Chirurgery,Surgery.
Chirurgic,Alt. of Chirurgical
Chirurgical,Surgical
Chiseled,of Chisel
Chiselled,of Chisel
Chiseling,of Chisel
Chiselling,of Chisel
Chitchat,Familiar or trifling talk; prattle.
Chitinization,The process of becoming chitinous.
Chitter,To chirp in a tremulous manner  as a bird.
Chitterlings,The smaller intestines of swine  etc. fried for food.
Chittra,The axis deer of India.
Chitty,Full of chits or sprouts.
Chivachie,A cavalry raid; hence  a military expedition.
Chivalric,Relating to chivalry; knightly; chivalrous.
Chivalrously,In a chivalrous manner; gallantly; magnanimously.
Chive,A filament of a stamen.
Chivied,of Chivy
Chivying,of Chivy
Chivy,To goad  drive hunt throw or pitch.
Chlamydate,Having a mantle; -- applied to certain gastropods.
Chlamyses,of Chlamys
Chlamydes,of Chlamys
Chloralamide,A compound of chloral and formic amide used to produce sleep.
Chlorate,A salt of chloric acid; as  chlorate of potassium.
Chloraurate,See Aurochloride.
Chlorhydric,Same as Hydrochloric.
Chloridic,Of or pertaining to a chloride; containing a chloride.
Chloridize,See Chloridate.
Chlorimetry,See Chlorometry.
Chlorinated,of Chlorinate
Chlorinating,of Chlorinate
Chlorinate,To treat  or cause to combine with chlorine.
Chloriodine,A compound of chlorine and iodine.
Chloritic,Pertaining to  or containing chlorite; as chloritic sand.
Chloroformed,of Chloroform
Chloroforming,of Chloroform
Chloroleucite,Same as Chloroplastid.
Chloroplastid,A granule of chlorophyll; -- also called chloroleucite.
Chloroplatinic,See Platinichloric.
Chlorotic,Pertaining to  or affected by chlorosis.
Chloruret,A chloride.
Choak,See Choke.
Chocard,The chough.
Chocked,of Chock
Chocking,of Chock
Chock-full,Quite full; choke-full.
Chode,the old imp. of chide. See Chide.
Chogset,See Cunner.
Choiceful,Making choices; fickle.
Choicely,With care in choosing; with nice regard to preference.
Choked,of Choke
Choking,of Choke
Choke damp,See Carbonic acid  under Carbonic.
Chokedar,A watchman; an officer of customs or police.
Choke-full,Full to the brim; quite full; chock-full.
Choker,One who  or that which chokes.
Choky Chokey,Tending to choke or suffocate  or having power to suffocate.
Cholagogue,Promoting the discharge of bile from the system.
Cholate,A salt of cholic acid; as  sodium cholate.
Cholecystis,The gall bladder.
Choledology,A treatise on the bile and bilary organs.
Choleic,Pertaining to  or obtained from bile; as choleic acid.
Choleraic,Relating to  or resulting from or resembling cholera.
Choleric,Abounding with  or producing choler or bile.
Cholericly,In a choleric manner; angrily.
Choleriform,Resembling cholera.
Cholerine,The precursory symptoms of cholera.
Choleroid,Choleriform.
Choliamb,Alt. of Choliambic
Cholic,Alt. of Cholinic
Cholinic,Pertaining to  or obtained from the bile.
Choline,See Neurine.
Cholochrome,See Bilirubin.
Cholophaein,See Bilirubin.
Choltry,A Hindoo caravansary.
Chomp,To chew loudly and greedily; to champ.
Chondrification,Formation of  or conversion into cartilage.
Chondrify,To convert  or be converted into cartilage.
Chondrigenous,Affording chondrin.
Chondrite,A meteoric stone characterized by the presence of chondrules.
Chondritis,An inflammation of cartilage.
Chondrogen,Same as Chondrigen.
Chondrogenesis,The development of cartilage.
Chondroid,Resembling cartilage.
Chondrology,The science which treats of cartilages.
Chondromata,of Chondroma
Chondroma,A cartilaginous tumor or growth.
Chondrometer,A steelyard for weighting grain.
Chondropterygian,Having a cartilaginous skeleton.
Chondrotomy,The dissection of cartilages.
Chose,of Choose
Chosen,of Choose
Choosing,of Choose
Chopped,of Chop
Chopping,of Chop
Chopchurch,An exchanger or an exchange of benefices.
Chophouse,A house where chops  etc. are sold; an eating house.
Chop-logic,One who bandies words or is very argumentative.
Chopness,A kind of spade.
Chopper,One who  or that which chops.
Choppy,Full of cracks.
Chops,The jaws; also  the fleshy parts about the mouth.
Choragic,Of or pertaining to a choragus.
Choragi,of Choragus
Choralist,A singer or composer of chorals.
Chord,The string of a musical instrument.
Chorded,of Chord
Chording,of Chord
Chorda,A cord.
Chordal,Of or pertaining to a chord.
Chored,of Chore
Choring,of Chore
Choree,See Choreus.
Choregraphic,Alt. of Choregraphical
Choregraphical,Pertaining to choregraphy.
Choreic,Of the nature of  or pertaining to chorea; convulsive.
Chorepiscopal,Pertaining to a chorepiscopus or his change or authority.
Chorepiscopi,of Chorepiscopus
Choreus,Alt. of Choree
Choriambs,of Choriamb
Choriamb,Same as Choriambus.
Choriambic,Pertaining to a choriamb.
Choriambi,of Choriambus
Choriambuses,of Choriambus
Choric,Of or pertaining to a chorus.
Chorisis,The separation of a leaf or floral organ into two more parts.
Chorist,A singer in a choir; a chorister.
Chorister,One of a choir; a singer in a chorus.
Choristic,Choric; choral.
Chorographer,One who describes or makes a map of a district or region.
Chorographical,Pertaining to chorography.
Chorography,the mapping or description of a region or district.
Choroidal,Pertaining to the choroid coat.
Chorometry,The art of surveying a region or district.
Choruses,of Chorus
Chorus,A band of singers and dancers.
Chorused,of Chorus
Chorusing,of Chorus
Choses,of Chose
Chouicha,The salmon of the Columbia River or California. See Quinnat.
Chouka,The Indian four-horned antelope; the chikara.
Choule,See Jowl.
Choultry,See Choltry.
Choused,of Chouse
Chousing,of Chouse
Chout,An assessment equal to a fourth part of the revenue.
Chowry,A whisk to keep off files  used in the East Indies.
Chowter,To grumble or mutter like a froward child.
Choy root,See Chay root.
Chrestomathic,Teaching what is useful.
Chrismal,Of or pertaining to or used in chrism.
Chrismation,The act of applying the chrism  or consecrated oil.
Chrismatory,A cruet or vessel in which chrism is kept.
Christened,of Christen
Christening,of Christen
Christen,To baptize and give a Christian name to.
Christianism,The Christian religion.
Christianite,Same as Anorthite.
Christianized,of Christianize
Christianizing,of Christianize
Christianlike,Becoming to a Christian.
Christianly,In a manner becoming the principles of the Christian religion.
Christianness,Consonance with the doctrines of Christianity.
Christless,Without faith in Christ; unchristian.
Christlike,Resembling Christ in character  actions etc.
Christly,Christlike.
Christmastide,The season of Christmas.
Christom,See Chrisom.
Chromascope,An instrument for showing the optical effects of color.
Chromate,A salt of chromic acid.
Chromatic,Relating to color  or to colors.
Chromatical,Chromatic.
Chromatically,In a chromatic manner.
Chromatin,Tissue which is capable of being stained by dyes.
Chromatogenous,Producing color.
Chromatography,A treatise on colors
Chromatology,A treatise on colors.
Chromatosphere,A chromosphere.
Chrome,Same as Chromium.
Chromidrosis,Secretion of abnormally colored perspiration.
Chromism,Same as Chromatism.
Chromos,of Chromo
Chromo,A chromolithograph.
Chromoblast,An embryonic cell which develops into a pigment cell.
Chromogen,Vegetable coloring matter other than green; chromule.
Chromoleucite,A chromoplastid.
Chromolithographer,One who is engaged in chromolithography.
Chromolithographic,Pertaining to  or made by chromolithography.
Chromolithography,Lithography adapted to printing in inks of various colors.
Chromophotography,The art of producing photographs in colors.
Chromophotolithograph,A photolithograph printed in colors.
Chromospheric,Of or pertaining to the chromosphere.
Chronic,Relating to time; according to time.
Chronical,Chronic.
Chronicled,of Chronicle
Chronicling,of Chronicle
Chronique,A chronicle.
Chronogrammatic,Alt. of Chronogrammatical
Chronogrammatical,Belonging to a chronogram  or containing one.
Chronogrammatist,A writer of chronograms.
Chronographer,One who writes a chronography; a chronologer.
Chronographic,Of or pertaining to a chronograph.
Chronography,A description or record of past time; history.
Chronologer,Same as Chronologist.
Chronologic,Alt. of Chronological
Chronologist,Alt. of Chronologer
Chronologies,of Chronology
Chronometer,An instrument for measuring time; a timekeeper.
Chronometric,Alt. of Chronometrical
Chronometrical,Pertaining to a chronometer; measured by a chronometer.
Chrysalid,Pertaining to a chrysalis; resembling a chrysalis.
Chrysalids,of Chrysalid
Chrysalides,of Chrysalis
Chrysaurin,An orange-colored dyestuff  of artificial production.
Chryselephantine,Composed of  or adorned with gold and ivory.
Chrysogen,A yellow crystalline substance extracted from crude anthracene.
Chrysography,The art of writing in letters of gold.
Chrysopa,A genus of neuropterous insects. See Lacewing.
Chrysophanic,Pertaining to  or derived from or resembling chrysophane.
Chrysoprasus,See Chrysoprase.
Chrysosperm,The seed of gold; a means of creating gold.
Chthonic,Pertaining to the earth; earthy; as  chthonic religions.
Chthonophagia,Alt. of Chthonophagy
Chubbed,Chubby.
Chubbedness,The state of being chubby.
Chubby,Like a chub; plump  short and thick.
Chub-faced,Having a plump  short face.
Chucked,of Chuck
Chucking,of Chuck
Chuckled,of Chuckle
Chuckling,of Chuckle
Chuckle,To call  as a hen her chickens; to cluck.
Chucklehead,A person with a large head; a numskull; a dunce.
Chuckleheaded,Having a large head; thickheaded; dull; stupid.
Chud,To champ; to bite.
Chuet,Minced meat.
Chuff,A coarse or stupid fellow.
Chuffily,Clownishly; surlily.
Chuffiness,The quality of being chuffy.
Chuffy,Fat or puffed out in the cheeks.
Chummed,of Chum
Chumming,of Chum
Chump,A short  thick heavy piece of wood.
Chunam,Quicklime; also  plaster or mortar.
Chunk,A short  thick piece of anything.
Chunky,Short and thick.
Church,A building set apart for Christian worship.
Churched,of Church
Churching,of Church
Church-bench,A seat in the porch of a church.
Churchdom,The institution  government or authority of a church.
Churchgoer,One who attends church.
Churchgoing,Habitually attending church.
Church-haw,Churchyard.
Churchless,Without a church.
Churchlike,Befitting a church or a churchman; becoming to a clergyman.
Churchliness,Regard for the church.
Churchly,Pertaining to  or suitable for the church; ecclesiastical.
Churchmen,of Churchman
Churchman,An ecclesiastic or clergyman.
Churchmanly,Pertaining to  or becoming a churchman.
Church modes,The modes or scales used in ancient church music. See Gregorian.
Churchship,State of being a church.
Churchwardenship,The office of a churchwarden.
Churchy,Relating to a church; unduly fond of church forms.
Churl,A rustic; a countryman or laborer.
Churlishly,In a churlish manner.
Churlishness,Rudeness of manners or temper; lack of kindness or courtesy.
Churly,Rude; churlish; violent.
Churme,Alt. of Chirm
Churned,of Churn
Churning,of Churn
Chuse,See Choose.
Chutney,Alt. of Chutnee
Chylaceous,Possessed of the properties of chyle; consisting of chyle.
Chyliferous,Transmitting or conveying chyle; as  chyliferous vessels.
Chylific,Chylifactive.
Chylification,The formation of chyle. See Chylifaction.
Chylificatory,Chylifactive.
Chylify,To make chyle of; to be converted into chyle.
Chylopoetic,Concerned in the formation of chyle; as  the chylopoetic organs.
Chylous,Consisting of  or similar to chyle.
Chymic,Alt. of Chymistry
Chymist,Alt. of Chymistry
Chymistry,See Chemic  Chemist Chemistry.
Chymiferous,Bearing or containing chyme.
Chymify,To form into chyme.
Chymous,Of or pertaining to chyme.
Cibarious,Pertaining to food; edible.
Cibation,The act of taking food.
Ciboria,of Ciborium
Cicadas,of Cicada
Cicadae,of Cicada
Cicala,A cicada. See Cicada.
Cicatrice,A cicatrix.
Cicatricial,Relating to  or having the character of a cicatrix.
Cicatrices,of Cicatrix
Cicatrized,of Cicatrize
Cicatrizing,of Cicatrize
Cicatrose,Full of scars.
Cicero,Pica type; -- so called by French printers.
Ciceroni,of Cicerone
Cicerones,of Cicerone
Cicerone,One who shows strangers the curiosities of a place; a guide.
Ciceronian,Resembling Cicero in style or action; eloquent.
Cich-pea,The chick-pea.
Cicisbeism,The state or conduct of a cicisbeo.
Cicisbei,of Cicisbeo
Cicisbeo,A professed admirer of a married woman; a dangler about women.
Ciclatoun,A costly cloth  of uncertain material used in the Middle Ages.
Cicurate,To tame.
Cicuration,The act of taming.
Ciderist,A maker of cider.
Ci-devant,Former; previous; of times gone by; as  a ci-devant governor.
Cierge,A wax candle used in religous rites.
Cigar,A small roll of tobacco  used for smoking.
Cilia,The eyelashes.
Ciliate,Alt. of Ciliated
Cilice,A kind of haircloth undergarment.
Cilician,Of or pertaining to Cilicia in Asia Minor.
Cilicious,Made  or consisting of hair.
Ciliform,Alt. of Ciliiform
Ciliiform,Having the form of cilia; very fine or slender.
Cilium,See Cilia.
Cill,See Sill.  n. a foundation.
Cillosis,A spasmodic trembling of the upper eyelid.
Cima,A kind of molding. See Cyma.
Cimar,See Simar.
Cimbal,A kind of confectionery or cake.
Cimbrian,Of or pertaining to the Cimbri.
Cimeter,See Scimiter.
Cimices,of Cimex
Cimia,See Cimbia.
Cimiss,The bedbug.
Cimolite,A soft  earthy clayey mineral of whitish or grayish color.
Cinch,A strong saddle girth  as of canvas.
Cinchonic,Belonging to  or obtained from cinchona.
Cinctured,Having or wearing a cincture or girdle.
Cindery,Resembling  or composed of cinders; full of cinders.
Cinefaction,Cineration; reduction to ashes.
Cinematic,Alt. of Cinematical
Cinematical,See Kinematic.
Cinematics,See Kinematics.
Cineraceous,Like ashes; ash-colored; cinereous.
Cinerary,Pertaining to ashes; containing ashes.
Cineration,The reducing of anything to ashes by combustion; cinefaction.
Cinereous,Like ashes; ash-colored; grayish.
Cinerulent,Full of ashes.
Cingle,A girth.
Cinnamic,Pertaining to  or obtained from cinnamon.
Cinnamomic,See Cinnamic.
Cinnamyl,The hypothetical radical  (C6H5.C2H2)2C of cinnamic compounds.
Cinque,Five; the number five in dice or cards.
Cinque-spotted,Five-spotted.
Cinter,See Center.
Cion,See Scion.
Ciphered,of Cipher
Ciphering,of Cipher
Cipherer,One who ciphers.
Cipherhood,Nothingness.
Cippi,of Cippus
Circ,An amphitheatrical circle for sports; a circus.
Circar,A district  or part of a province. See Sircar.
Circassian,Of or pertaining to Circassia  in Asia.
Circensial,Alt. of Circensian
Circensian,Of or pertaining to  or held in the Circus In Rome.
Circinal,Circinate.
Circination,An orbicular motion.
Circled,of Circle
Circling,of Circle
Circocele,See Cirsocele.
Circuiteer,A circuiter.
Circuiter,One who travels a circuit  as a circuit judge.
Circuition,The act of going round; circumlocution.
Circulable,That may be circulated.
Circular,In the form of  or bounded by a circle; round.
Circularity,The quality or state of being circular; a circular form.
Circularly,In a circular manner.
Circulary,Circular; illogical.
Ciorculated,of Circulate
Circulating,of Circulate
Circulative,Promoting circulation; circulating.
Circulator,One who  or that which circulates.
Circulatorious,Travelling from house to house or from town to town; itinerant.
Circulatory,Circular; as  a circulatory letter.
Circulet,A circlet.
Circuline,Proceeding in a circle; circular.
Circumagitate,To agitate on all sides.
Circumambage,A roundabout or indirect course; indirectness.
Circumambiency,The act of surrounding or encompassing.
Circumambient,Surrounding; inclosing or being on all sides; encompassing.
Circumambulate,To walk round about.
Circumbendibus,A roundabout or indirect way.
Circumcenter,The center of a circle that circumscribes a triangle.
Circumcised,of Circumcise
Circumcising,of Circumcise
Circumciser,One who performs circumcision.
Circumclusion,Act of inclosing on all sides.
Circumcursation,The act of running about; also  rambling language.
Circumdenudation,Denudation around or in the neighborhood of an object.
Circumduct,To lead about; to lead astray.
Circumduction,A leading about; circumlocution.
Circumesophageal,Circumesophagal.
Circumfer,To bear or carry round.
Circumferentially,So as to surround or encircle.
Circumflant,Blowing around.
Circumflected,of Circumflect
Circumflecting,of Circumflect
Circumflect,To bend around.
Circumflection,See Circumflexion.
Circumflexed,of Circumflex
Circumflexing,of Circumflex
Circumflexion,The act of bending  or causing to assume a curved form.
Circumfluence,A flowing round on all sides; an inclosing with a fluid.
Circumfluent,Alt. of Circumfluous
Circumfluous,Flowing round; surrounding in the manner of a fluid.
Circumforanean,Alt. of Circumforaneous
Circumforaneous,Going about or abroad; walking or wandering from house to house.
Circumfulgent,Shining around or about.
Circumfuse,To pour round; to spread round.
Circumfusile,Capable of being poured or spread round.
Circumgestation,The act or process of carrying about.
Circumgyration,The act of turning  rolling or whirling round.
Circumgyratory,Moving in a circle; turning round.
Circumgyre,To circumgyrate.
Circumjacence,Condition of being circumjacent  or of bordering on every side.
Circumjacent,Lying round; bordering on every side.
Circumjovial,One of the moons or satellites of the planet Jupiter.
Circumlittoral,Adjointing the shore.
Circumlocutory,Characterised by circumlocution; periphrastic.
Circummeridian,About  or near the meridian.
Circummure,To encompass with a wall.
Circumnavigable,Capable of being sailed round.
Circumnavigated,of Circumnavigate
Circumnavigating,of Circumnavigate
Circumnavigate,To sail completely round.
Circumnavigation,The act of circumnavigating  or sailing round.
Circumnavigator,One who sails round.
Circumnutate,To pass through the stages of circumnutation.
Circumrotary,Alt. of Circumrotatory
Circumrotatory,turning  rolling or whirling round.
Circumrotate,To rotate about.
Circumscribable,Capable of being circumscribed.
Circumscribed,of Circumscribe
Circumscribing,of Circumscribe
Circumscribe,to write or engrave around.
Circumscriber,One who  or that which circumscribes.
Circumscriptible,Capable of being circumscribed or limited by bounds.
Circumscription,An inscription written around anything.
Circumscriptively,In a limited manner.
Circumscriptly,In a literal  limited or narrow manner.
Circumspectively,Circumspectly.
Circumspectly,In a circumspect manner; cautiously; warily.
Circumspectness,Vigilance in guarding against evil from every quarter; caution.
Circumstanced,Placed in a particular position or condition; situated.
Circumstant,Standing or placed around; surrounding.
Circumstantiable,Capable of being circumstantiated.
Circumstantially,In respect to circumstances; not essentially; accidentally.
Circumstantiated,of Circumstantiate
Circumstantiating,of Circumstantiate
Circumterraneous,Being or dwelling around the earth.
Circumundulate,To flow round  as waves.
Circumvallate,To surround with a rampart or wall.
Circumvallation,The act of surrounding with a wall or rampart.
Circumvented,of Circumvent
Circumventing,of Circumvent
Circumventive,Tending to circumvent; deceiving by artifices; deluding.
Circumventor,One who circumvents; one who gains his purpose by cunning.
Circumvest,To cover round  as with a garment; to invest.
Circumvolant,Flying around.
Circumvolation,The act of flying round.
Circumvolution,The act of rolling round; the state of being rolled.
Circumvolved,of Circumvolve
Circumvolving,of Circumvolve
Circuses,of Circus
Cirl bunting,A European bunting (Emberiza cirlus).
Cirrate,Having cirri along the margin of a part or organ.
Cirrhiferous,See Cirriferous.
Cirrhose,Same as Cirrose.
Cirrhous,See Cirrose.
Cirrhus,Same as Cirrus.
Cirri,See Cirrus.
Cirriferous,Bearing cirri  as many plants and animals.
Cirrigrade,Moving or moved by cirri  or hairlike appendages.
Cirriped,One of the Cirripedia.
Cirro-cumulus,See under Cloud.
Cirrose,Bearing a tendril or tendrils; as  a cirrose leaf.
Cirro-stratus,See under Cloud.
Cirrous,Cirrose.
Cirrus,A tendril or clasper.
Cirsocele,The varicose dilatation of the spermatic vein.
Cirsoid,Varicose.
Cirsotomy,Any operation for the removal of varices by incision.
Ciselure,The process of chasing on metals; also  the work thus chased.
Cisleithan,On the Austrian side of the river Leitha; Austrian.
Cismontane,On this side of the mountains. See under Ultramontane.
Cisted,Inclosed in a cyst. See Cysted.
Cistic,See Cystic.
Citable,Capable of being cited.
Cital,Summons to appear  as before a judge.
Citator,One who cites.
Citatory,Having the power or form of a citation; as  letters citatory.
Cited,of Cite
Citing,of Cite
Citer,One who cites.
Citess,A city woman
Cithara,An ancient instrument resembling the harp.
Citharistic,Pertaining  or adapted to the cithara.
Cithern,See Cittern.
Citicism,The manners of a cit or citizen.
Citied,Belonging to  or resembling a city.
Citified,Aping  or having the manners of a city.
Citigrade,Pertaining to the Citigradae.
Citiner,One who is born or bred in a city; a citizen.
Citizeness,A female citizen.
Citizenship,The state of being a citizen; the status of a citizen.
Citole,A musical instrument; a kind of dulcimer.
Citrate,A salt of citric acid.
Citrine,Like a citron or lemon; of a lemon color; greenish yellow.
Cities,of City
City,A large town.
Cive,Same as Chive.
Civicism,The principle of civil government.
Civics,The science of civil government.
Civilian,One skilled in the civil law.
Civilist,A civilian.
Civilities,of Civillty
Civilizable,Capable of being civilized.
Civilized,of Civilize
Civilizing,of Civilize
Civilizer,One who  or that which civilizes or tends to civilize.
Civism,State of citizenship.
Cizar,To clip with scissors.
Cizars,Scissors.
Cize,Bulk; largeness. [Obs.] See Size.
Clabber,Milk curdled so as to become thick.
Clachan,A small village containing a church.
Clacked,of Clack
Clacking,of Clack
Clad,To clothe.
Cladocera,An order of the Entomostraca.
Claggy,Adhesive; -- said of a roof in a mine to which coal clings.
Claik,See Clake.
Claimed,of Claim
Claiming,of Claim
Claimable,Capable of being claimed.
Claimant,One who claims; one who asserts a right or title; a claimer.
Claimer,One who claims; a claimant.
Claimless,Having no claim.
Clair-obscur,See Chiaroscuro.
Clake,Alt. of Claik
Clammed,of Clam
Clamming,of Clam
Clamant,Crying earnestly  beseeching clamorously.
Clamation,The act of crying out.
Clamatorial,Like or pertaining to the Clamatores.
Clambered,of Clamber
Clambering,of Clamber
Clamjamphrie,Low  worthless people; the rabble.
Clammily,In a clammy manner.
Clamminess,State of being clammy or viscous.
Clamored,of Clamor
Clamoring,of Clamor
Clamorer,One who clamors.
Clamped,of Clamp
Clamping,of Clamp
Clancular,Conducted with secrecy; clandestine; concealed.
Clancularly,privately; secretly.
Clandestinity,Privacy or secrecy.
Clanged,of Clang
Clanging,of Clang
Clang,To strike together so as to produce a ringing metallic sound.
Clangor,A sharp  harsh ringing sound.
Clangorous,Making a clangor; having a ringing  metallic sound.
Clangous,Making a clang  or a ringing metallic sound.
Clanjamfrie,Same as Clamjamphrie.
Clanked,of Clank
Clanking,of Clank
Clankless,Without a clank.
Clansmen,of Clansman
Clansman,One belonging to the same clan with another.
Clapped,of Clap
Clapping,of Clap
Clapbread,Alt. of Clapcake
Clapcake,Oatmeal cake or bread clapped or beaten till it is thin.
Clape,A bird; the flicker.
Clapper,A person who claps.
Clapperclaw,To fight and scratch.
Claps,Variant of Clasp
Claptrap,A contrivance for clapping in theaters.
Claqueur,One of the claque employed to applaud at a theater.
Clare,A nun of the order of St. Clare.
Clarenceux,Alt. of Clarencieux
Clarencieux,See King-at-arms.
Clare-obscure,See Chiaroscuro.
Claribella,A soft  sweet stop or set of open wood pipes in an organ.
Clarifier,That which clarifies.
Clarified,of Clarify
Clarifying,of Clarify
Clarigate,To declare war with certain ceremonies.
Clarino,A reed stop in an organ.
Clarion,A kind of trumpet  whose note is clear and shrill.
Clarionet,See Clarinet.
Clarisonus,Having a clear sound.
Claritude,Clearness; splendor.
Clarity,Clearness; brightness; splendor.
Claro-obscuro,See Chiaroscuro.
Clarre,Wine with a mixture of honey and species.
Clart,To daub  smear or spread as with mud etc.
Clarty,Sticky and foul; muddy; filthy; dirty.
Clary,To make a loud or shrill noise.
Clashed,of Clash
Clashing,of Clash
Clashingly,With clashing.
Clasped,of Clasp
Clasping,of Clasp
Clasper,One who  or that which clasps as a tendril.
Claspered,Furnished with tendrils.
Classed,of Class
Classing,of Class
Classible,Capable of being classed.
Classic,Alt. of Classical
Classicalism,A classical idiom  style or expression; a classicism.
Classicalist,One who adheres to what he thinks the classical canons of art.
Classicality,Alt. of Classicalness
Classicalness,The quality of being classical.
Classicism,A classic idiom or expression; a classicalism.
Classicist,One learned in the classics; an advocate for the classics.
Classifiable,Capable of being classified.
Classific,Characterizing a class or classes; relating to classification.
Classificatory,Pertaining to classification; admitting of classification.
Classifier,One who classifies.
Classified,of Classify
Classifying,of Classify
Classes,of Classis
Classis,A class or order; sort; kind.
Classmen,of Classman
Classman,A member of a class; a classmate.
Clathrate,Shaped like a lattice; cancellate.
Clattered,of Clatter
Clattering,of Clatter
Clatterer,One who clatters.
Clatteringly,With clattering.
Claudent,Shutting; confining; drawing together; as  a claudent muscle.
Claudicant,Limping.
Claudication,A halting or limping.
Claustral,Cloistral.
Claustra,of Claustrum
Clausular,Consisting of  or having clauses.
Clausure,The act of shutting up or confining; confinement.
Clavate,Alt. of Clavated
Clave,imp. of Cleave.
Clavecin,The harpsichord.
Clavel,See Clevis.
Clavellate,See Clavate.
Claver,See Clover.
Clavicorn,Having club-shaped antennae. See Antennae
Clavicornes,A group of beetles having club-shaped antennae.
Clavicular,Of or pertaining to the clavicle.
Clavier,The keyboard of an organ  pianoforte or harmonium.
Claviform,Club-shaped; clavate.
Claviger,One who carries the keys of any place.
Clavigerous,Bearing a club or a key.
Claves,of Clavis
Clavises,of Clavis
Clavis,A key; a glossary.
Clavus,A callous growth  esp. one the foot; a corn.
Clavies,of Clavy
Clavy,A mantelpiece.
Claw,A sharp  hooked nail as of a beast or bird.
Clawed,of Claw
Clawing,of Claw
Clawback,A flatterer or sycophant.
Clawless,Destitute of claws.
Clayed,of Clay
Claying,of Clay
Clay-brained,Stupid.
Clayish,Partaking of the nature of clay  or containing particles of it.
Clean,Free from dirt or filth; as  clean clothes.
Cleaned,of Clean
Cleaning,of Clean
Clean-cut,See Clear-cut.
Cleaner,One who  or that which cleans.
Cleanlily,In a cleanly manner.
Cleanliness,State of being cleanly; neatness of person or dress.
Cleanly,Habitually clean; pure; innocent.
Cleanness,The state or quality of being clean.
Cleansable,Capable of being cleansed.
Cleansed,of Cleanse
Cleansing,of Cleanse
Cleanser,One who  or that which cleanses; a detergent.
Clean-timbered,Well-proportioned; symmetrical.
Cleared,of Clear
Clearing,of Clear
Clearage,The act of removing anything; clearance.
Clearance,The act of clearing; as  to make a thorough clearance.
Clear-cut,Having a sharp  distinct outline like that of a cameo.
Clearedness,The quality of being cleared.
Clearer,One who  or that which clears.
Clear-headed,Having a clear understanding; quick of perception; intelligent.
Clearly,In a clear manner.
Clearness,The quality or state of being clear.
Clear-shining,Shining brightly.
Clear-sighted,Seeing with clearness; discerning; as  clear-sighted reason
Clear-sightedness,Acute discernment.
Clearstarched,of Clearstarch
Clearstraching,of Clearstarch
Clearstarcher,One who clearstarches.
Clearstory,Alt. of Clerestory
Cleavable,Capable of cleaving or being divided.
Cleavage,The act of cleaving or splitting.
Cleaved,of Cleave
Cleaving,of Cleave
Cleave,To adhere closely; to stick; to hold fast; to cling.
Cleft,of Cleave
Clove,of Cleave
Cloven,of Cleave
Cleavelandite,A variety of albite  white and lamellar in structure.
Clechy,See Cleche.
Cledge,The upper stratum of fuller's earth.
Cledgy,Stiff  stubborn clayey or tenacious; as a cledgy soil.
Clee,A claw.
Cleft-footed,Having a cloven foot.
Cleftgraft,To ingraft by cleaving the stock and inserting a scion.
Cleg,A small breeze or horsefly.
Cleistogamic,Alt. of Cleistogamous
Clem,To starve; to famish.
Clemence,Clemency.
Clemencies,of Clemency
Clement,Mild in temper and disposition; merciful; compassionate.
Clench,See Clinch.
Cleped,of Clepe
Cleping,of Clepe
Ycleped,of Clepe
Clepe,To call  or name.
Cleptomania,See Kleptomania.
Clergeon,A chorister boy.
Clergial,Learned; erudite; clerical.
Clergical,Of or pertaining to the clergy; clerical; clerkily; learned.
Clergymen,of Clergyman
Cleric,A clerk  a clergyman.
Clerical,Of or pertaining to the clergy; suitable for the clergy.
Clericity,The state of being a clergyman.
Clerisy,The literati  or well educated class.
Clerk,A clergyman or ecclesiastic.
Clerk-ale,A feast for the benefit of the parish clerk.
Clerkless,Unlearned.
Clerklike,Scholarlike.
Clerkliness,Scholarship.
Clerkly,Of or pertaining to a clerk.
Clerkship,State  quality or business of a clerk.
Cleromancy,A divination by throwing dice or casting lots.
Cleronomy,Inheritance; heritage.
Clerstory,See Clearstory.
Cleverish,Somewhat clever.
Cleverly,In a clever manner.
Cleverness,The quality of being clever; skill; dexterity; adroitness.
Clew,Alt. of Clue
Clue,A ball of thread  yarn or cord; also The thread itself.
Clewing,of Clew
Clicked,of Click
Clicking,of Click
Click beetle,See Elater.
Clicker,One who stands before a shop door to invite people to buy.
Clicket,The knocker of a door.
Clicky,Resembling a click; abounding in clicks.
Cliency,State of being a client.
Clientage,State of being client.
Cliental,Of or pertaining to a client.
Cliented,Supplied with clients.
Clientelage,See Clientele  n. 2.
Clientele,The condition or position of a client; clientship
Cliff,A high  steep rock; a precipice.
Cliffy,Having cliffs; broken; craggy.
Clift,A cliff.
Clifted,Broken; fissured.
Climacter,See Climacteric  n.
Climacteric,Relating to a climacteric; critical.
Climacterical,See Climacteric.
Climatal,Climatic.
Climatarchic,Presiding over  or regulating climates.
Climatical,Climatic.
Climatized,of Climatize
Climatizing,of Climatize
Climatize,To acclimate or become acclimated.
Climatography,A description of climates.
Climatological,Of or pertaining to climatology.
Climatologist,One versed in  or who studies climatology.
Climature,A climate.
Climax,Upward movement; steady increase; gradation; ascent.
Climbed,of Climb
Clomb,of Climb
Climbing,of Climb
Climbable,Capable of being climbed.
Climber,One who  or that which climbs
Clime,A climate; a tract or region of the earth. See Climate.
Clinched,of Clinch
Clinching,of Clinch
Clinch,To hold firmly; to hold fast by grasping or embracing tightly.
Clincher,One who  or that which clinches; that which holds fast.
Clincher-built,See Clinker-built.
Clung,of Cling
Clong,of Cling
Clinging,of Cling
Clingy,Apt to cling; adhesive.
Clinic,One confined to the bed by sickness.
Clinical,Alt. of Clinic
Clinically,In a clinical manner.
Clinique,A clinic.
Clinium,See Clinanthium.
Clinked,of Clink
Clinking,of Clink
Clinkant,See Clinquant.
Clinodome,See under Dome.
Clinometric,Pertaining to  or ascertained by the clinometer.
Clinometry,That art or operation of measuring the inclination of strata.
Clinquant,Glittering; dressed in  or overlaid with tinsel finery.
Clio,The Muse who presided over history.
Clipped,of Clip
Clipping,of Clip
Clip,To embrace  hence; to encompass.
Cliquism,The tendency to associate in cliques; the spirit of cliques.
Clivers,See Cleavers.
Clivities,of Clivity
Clivity,Inclination; ascent or descent; a gradient.
Cloacae,of Cloaca
Cloaca,A sewer; as  the Cloaca Maxima of Rome.
Cloacal,Of or pertaining to a cloaca.
Cloaked,of Cloak
Cloaking,of Cloak
Cloakedly,In a concealed manner.
Clocklike,Like a clock or like clockwork; mechanical.
Clod,A lump or mass  especially of earth turf or clay.
Cloddish,Resembling clods; gross; low; stupid; boorish.
Cloddy,Consisting of clods; full of clods.
Clodhopper,A rude  rustic fellow.
Clodhopping,Boorish; rude.
Clodpate,A blockhead; a dolt.
Clodpated,Stupid; dull; doltish.
Clodpoll,A stupid fellow; a dolt.
Clogged,of Clog
Clogging,of Clog
Clogginess,The state of being clogged.
Cloggy,Clogging  or having power to clog.
Cloister,An inclosed place.
Cloistered,of Cloister
Cloistering,of Cloister
Cloisteral,Cloistral.
Cloisterer,One belonging to  or living in a cloister; a recluse.
Cloistral,Of  pertaining to or confined in a cloister; recluse.
Cloistress,A nun.
Cloke,See Cloak.
Clomben,imp. & p. p. of Climb (for climbed).
Clomp,See Clamp.
Clonic,Having an irregular  convulsive motion.
Cloom,To close with glutinous matter.
Cloop,The sound made when a cork is forcibly drawn from a bottle.
Closed,of Close
Closing,of Close
Close-banded,Closely united.
Close-barred,Firmly barred or closed.
Close-bodied,Fitting the body exactly; setting close  as a garment.
Closefisted,Covetous; niggardly.
Closehanded,Covetous; penurious; stingy; closefisted.
Closely,In a close manner.
Closemouthed,Cautious in speaking; secret; wary; uncommunicative.
Closen,To make close.
Closeness,The state of being close.
Closereefed,Having all the reefs taken in; -- said of a sail.
Closet,A small room or apartment for retirement; a room for privacy.
Closeting,of Closet
Close-tongued,Closemouthed; silent.
Closh,A disease in the feet of cattle; laminitis.
Closure,The act of shutting; a closing; as  the closure of a chink.
Clotted,of Clot
Clotting,of Clot
Clotbur,The burdock.
Clote,The common burdock; the clotbur.
Cloths,of Cloth
Clothes,of Cloth
Clothed,of Clothe
Clothing,of Clothe
Clothe,To put garments on; to cover with clothing; to dress.
Clotheshorse,A frame to hang clothes on.
Clothesline,A rope or wire on which clothes are hung to dry.
Clothespress,A receptacle for clothes.
Clothier,One who makes cloths; one who dresses or fulls cloth.
Clothred,Clottered.
Clotpoll,See Clodpoll.
Clotter,To concrete into lumps; to clot.
Clotty,Full of clots  or clods.
Cloture,See Closure  5.
Clotweed,Cocklebur.
Clouded,of Cloud
Clouding,of Cloud
Cloudage,Mass of clouds; cloudiness.
Cloud-built,Built of  or in the clouds; airy; unsubstantial; imaginary.
Cloud-compeller,Cloud-gatherer; -- an epithet applied to Zeus.
Cloudily,In a cloudy manner; darkly; obscurely.
Cloudiness,The state of being cloudy.
Cloudland,Dreamland.
Cloudless,Without a cloud; clear; bright.
Cloudlet,A little cloud.
Cloudy,Overcast or obscured with clouds; clouded; as  a cloudy sky.
Clough,A cleft in a hill; a ravine; a narrow valley.
Clout,A cloth; a piece of cloth or leather; a patch; a rag.
Clouted,of Clout
Clouting,of Clout
Clouterly,Clumsy; awkward.
Cloven-footed,Alt. of Cloven-hoofed
Cloven-hoofed,Having the foot or hoof divided into two parts  as the ox.
Clovered,Covered with growing clover.
Clowe-gilofre,Spice clove.
Clownage,Behavior or manners of a clown; clownery.
Clownery,Clownishness.
Clownishness,The manners of a clown; coarseness or rudeness of behavior.
Cloyed,of Cloy
Cloying,of Cloy
Cloy,To fill or choke up; to stop up; to clog.
Cloyless,That does not cloy.
Cloyment,Satiety.
Clubbed,of Club
Clubbing,of Club
Clubbable,Suitable for membership in a club; sociable.
Clubber,One who clubs.
Clubbish,Rude; clownish.
Clubbist,A member of a club; a frequenter of clubs.
Clubfist,A large  heavy fist.
Clubfisted,Having a large fist.
Clubfooted,Having a clubfoot.
Clubhouse,A house occupied by a club.
Clubroom,The apartment in which a club meets.
Clucked,of Cluck
Clucking,of Cluck
Cluck,To make the noise  or utter the call of a brooding hen.
Clum,Silence; hush.
Clump,An unshaped piece or mass of wood or other substance.
Clumper,To form into clumps or masses.
Clumpy,Composed of clumps; massive; shapeless.
Clumsily,In a clumsy manner; awkwardly; as  to walk clumsily.
Clumsiness,The quality of being clumsy.
Clumsy,Stiff or benumbed  as with cold.
Clunch,Indurated clay. See Bind  n. 3.
Cluniacensian,Cluniac.
Clupeoid,Of or pertaining to the Herring family.
Cluster,A number of things of the same kind growing together; a bunch.
Clustered,of Cluster
Clustering,of Cluster
Clusteringly,In clusters.
Clustery,Growing in  or full of clusters; like clusters.
Clutched,of Clutch
Clutching,of Clutch
Cluttered,of Clutter
Cluttering,of Clutter
Clypeate,Shaped like a round buckler or shield; scutate.
Clypeiform,Shield-shaped; clypeate.
Clypei,of Clypeus
Clypeus,The frontal plate of the head of an insect.
Clysmic,Washing; cleansing.
Cnemial,Pertaining to the shin bone.
Cnidae,of Cnida
Cnidoblast,One of the cells which  in the Coelenterata develop into cnidae.
Cnidocil,The fine filiform process of a cnidoblast.
Coacervate,Raised into a pile; collected into a crowd; heaped.
Coacervation,A heaping together.
Coached,of Coach
Coaching,of Coach
Coachbox,The seat of a coachman.
Coachee,A coachman
Coachmen,of Coachman
Coachman,A man whose business is to drive a coach or carriage.
Coachmanship,Skill in driving a coach.
Coact,To force; to compel; to drive.
Coaction,Force; compulsion  either in restraining or impelling.
Coactive,Serving to compel or constrain; compulsory; restrictive.
Coactively,In a coactive manner.
Coactivity,Unity of action.
Coadaptation,Mutual adaption.
Coadapted,Adapted one to another; as  coadapted pulp and tooth.
Coadjument,Mutual help; cooperation.
Coadjust,To adjust by mutual adaptations.
Coadjustment,Mutual adjustment.
Coadjutant,Mutually assisting or operating; helping.
Coadjuting,Mutually assisting.
Coadjutive,Rendering mutual aid; coadjutant.
Coadjutor,One who aids another; an assistant; a coworker.
Coadjutorship,The state or office of a coadjutor; joint assistance.
Coadjutress,Alt. of Coadjutrix
Coadjutrix,A female coadjutor or assistant.
Coadjuvancy,Joint help; cooperation.
Coadjuvant,Cooperating.
Coadunate,United at the base  as contiguous lobes of a leaf.
Coadunation,Union  as in one body or mass; unity.
Coadunition,Coadunation.
Coadventure,An adventure in which two or more persons are partakers.
Coadventurer,A fellow adventurer.
Coafforest,To convert into  or add to a forest.
Coag,See Coak  a kind of tenon.
Coagency,Agency in common; joint agency or agent.
Coagent,An associate in an act; a coworker.
Coagment,To join together.
Coagulability,The quality of being coagulable; capacity of being coagulated.
Coagulable,Capable of being coagulated.
Coagulant,That which produces coagulation.
Coagulate,Coagulated.
Coagulated,of Coagulate
Coagulating,of Coagulate
Coagulative,Having the power to cause coagulation; as  a coagulative agent.
Coagulator,That which causes coagulation.
Coagula,of Coagulum
Coak,See Coke  n.
Coaled,of Coal
Coaling,of Coal
Coal-black,As black as coal; jet black; very black.
Coalery,See Colliery.
Coalesced,of Coalesce
Coalescing,of Coalesce
Coalgoose,The cormorant; -- so called from its black color.
Coalite,To unite or coalesce.
Coalitioner,A coalitionist.
Co-allies,of Co-ally
Co-ally,A joint ally.
Coal-meter,A licensed or official coal measurer in London. See Meter.
Coalmouse,A small species of titmouse  with a black head; the coletit.
Coalpit,A pit where coal is dug.
Coal-whipper,One who raises coal out of the hold of a ship.
Coannex,To annex with something else.
Coarct,Alt. of Coarctate
Coarctate,To press together; to crowd; to straiten; to confine closely.
Coarctation,Confinement to a narrow space.
Coarsen,To make coarse or vulgar; as  to coarsen one's character.
Coarticulation,The union or articulation of bones to form a joint.
Co-assessor,A joint assessor.
Coast,The side of a thing.
Coasted,of Coast
Coasting,of Coast
Coastal,Of or pertaining to a coast.
Coastwise,Alt. of Coastways
Coastways,By way of  or along the coast.
Coated,of Coat
Coating,of Coat
Coatee,A coat with short flaps.
Coatless,Not wearing a coat; also  not possessing a coat.
Coaxed,of Coax
Coaxing,of Coax
Coaxation,The act of croaking.
Coaxer,One who coaxes.
Coaxingly,In a coaxing manner; by coaxing.
Cob,The top or head of anything.
Cobbed,of Cob
Cobbing,of Cob
Cobaltiferous,Containing cobalt.
Cobaltine,Alt. of Cobaltite
Cobble,A fishing boat. See Coble.
Cobbled,of Cobble
Cobbling,of Cobble
Cobbler,A mender of shoes.
Cobby,Headstrong; obstinate.
Cobelligerent,Carrying on war in conjunction with another power.
Cobiron,An andiron with a knob at the top.
Cobishop,A joint or coadjutant bishop.
Cobnut,A large roundish variety of the cultivated hazelnut.
Coboose,See Caboose.
Cobourg,A thin worsted fabric for women's dresses.
Cobra,See Copra.
Cobstone,Cobblestone.
Cobswan,A large swan.
Cobwall,A wall made of clay mixed with straw.
Cobweb,The network spread by a spider to catch its prey.
Cobwebbed,Abounding in cobwebs.
Cobwebby,Abounding in cobwebs  or any fine web; resembling a cobweb.
Cocagne,An imaginary country of idleness and luxury.
Coccobacteria,of Coccobacterium
Coccolite,A granular variety of pyroxene  green or white in color.
Cocci,of Coccus
Coccus,One of the separable carpels of a dry fruit.
Coccygeal,Of or pertaining to the coccyx; as  the coccygeal vertebrae.
Coccygeous,Coccygeal.
Coccyges,of Coccyx
Cochlear,Of or pertaining to the cochlea.
Cochleare,A spoon.
Cocleariform,Spoon-shaped.
Cochleary,Same as Cochleate.
Cochleate,Alt. of Cochleated
Cochleated,Having the form of a snail shell; spiral; turbinated.
Cocked,of Cock
Cocking,of Cock
Cockaded,Wearing a cockade.
Cock-a-hoop,Boastful; defiant; exulting. Also used adverbially.
Cockal,A game played with sheep's bones instead of dice
Cockamaroo,The Russian variety of bagatelle.
Cockboat,A small boat  esp. one used on rivers or near the shore.
Cock-brained,Giddy; rash.
Cockcrow,Alt. of Cockcrowing
Cockcrowing,The time at which cocks first crow; the early morning.
Cockered,of Cocker
Cockering,of Cocker
Cockerel,A young cock.
Cocket,Pert; saucy.
Cockeye,A squinting eye.
Cockfight,A match or contest of gamecocks.
Cockfighting,The act or practice of pitting gamecocks to fight.
Cockhorse,A child's rocking-horse.
Cockieleekie,Same as Cockaleekie.
Cockled,of Cockle
Cockling,of Cockle
Cockler,One who takes and sells cockles.
Cockleshell,One of the shells or valves of a cockle.
Cockloft,An upper loft; a garret; the highest room in a building.
Cockmaster,One who breeds gamecocks.
Cockmatch,A cockfight.
Cockneys,of Cockney
Cockney,An effeminate person; a spoilt child.
Cockneydom,The region or home of cockneys; cockneys  collectively.
Cockneyfy,To form with the manners or character of a cockney.
Cockneyish,Characteristic of  or resembling cockneys.
Cockneyism,The characteristics  manners or dialect of a cockney.
Cock-padle,See Lumpfish.
Cockpit,A pit  or inclosed area for cockfights.
Cockroach,An orthopterous insect of the genus Blatta  and allied genera.
Cockscomb,See Coxcomb.
Cockshut,A kind of net to catch woodcock.
Cocksure,Perfectly safe.
Cockweed,Peppergrass.
Cocky,Pert.
Coco,Alt. of Coco palm
Coco palm,See Cocoa.
Cocoa,Alt. of Cocoa palm
Cocobolo,Alt. of Cocobolas
Coctible,Capable of being cooked.
Coctile,Made by baking  or exposing to heat as a brick.
Coction,Act of boiling.
Cod,A husk; a pod; as  a peascod.
Codder,A gatherer of cods or peas.
Codding,Lustful.
Coddled,of Coddle
Coddling,of Coddle
Coddle,To parboil  or soften by boiling.
Coddymoddy,A gull in the plumage of its first year.
Codefendant,A joint defendant.
Codices,of Codex
Codex,A book; a manuscript.
Codfish,A kind of fish. Same as Cod.
Codger,A miser or mean person.
Codical,Relating to a codex  or a code.
Codicil,A clause added to a will.
Codicillary,Of the nature of a codicil.
Codification,The act or process of codifying or reducing laws to a code.
Codifier,One who codifies.
Codified,of Codify
Codifying,of Codify
Codify,To reduce to a code  as laws.
Codilla,The coarse tow of flax and hemp.
Codille,A term at omber  signifying that the game is won.
Codist,A codifier; a maker of codes.
Codle,See Coddle.
Codlin,Alt. of Codling
Codling,An apple fit to stew or coddle.
Cod liver,The liver of the common cod and allied species.
Coecilian,See Caecilian.
Coefficacy,Joint efficacy.
Coefficiency,Joint efficiency; cooperation.
Coefficient,Cooperating; acting together to produce an effect.
Coelacanth,Having hollow spines  as some ganoid fishes.
Coelentera,Alt. of Coelenterata
Coelenterate,Belonging to the Coelentera.
Coelia,A cavity.
Coeliac,Alt. of Celiac
Coelodont,Having hollow teeth; -- said of a group lizards.
Coelum,See Body cavity  under Body.
Coemption,The act of buying the whole quantity of any commodity.
Coenenchym,Alt. of Coenenchyma
Coenobite,See Cenobite.
Coenoecium,The common tissue which unites the various zooids of a bryozoan.
Coequal,Being on an equality in rank or power.
Coequality,The state of being on an equality  as in rank or power.
Coequally,With coequality.
Coerced,of Coerce
Coercing,of Coerce
Coercible,Capable of being coerced.
Coercion,The act or process of coercing.
Coercitive,Coercive.
Coercive,Serving or intended to coerce; having power to constrain.
Coessential,Partaking of the same essence.
Coessentiality,Participation of the same essence.
Coestablishment,Joint establishment.
Coestate,Joint estate.
Coetanean,A person coetaneous with another; a contemporary.
Coeternal,Equally eternal.
Coevous,Coeval
Coexecutor,A joint executor.
Coexecutrix,A joint executrix.
Coexisted,of Coexist
Coexisting,of Coexist
Coexist,To exist at the same time; -- sometimes followed by with.
Coexistent,Existing at the same time with another.
Coextended,of Coextend
Coextending,of Coextend
Coffeeman,One who keeps a coffeehouse.
Cofferer,One who keeps treasures in a coffer.
Cofferwork,Rubblework faced with stone.
Coffin,The case in which a dead human body is inclosed for burial.
Coffined,of Coffin
Coffining,of Coffin
Coffinless,Having no coffin.
Coffle,A gang of negro slaves being driven to market.
Cogged,of Cog
Cogging,of Cog
Cogenial,Congenial.
Cogent,Compelling  in a physical sense; powerful.
Cogently,In a cogent manner; forcibly; convincingly; conclusively.
Cogger,A flatterer or deceiver; a sharper.
Coggery,Trick; deception.
Coggle,A small fishing boat.
Cogitability,The quality of being cogitable; conceivableness.
Cogitabund,Full of thought; thoughtful.
Cogitated,of Cogitate
Cogitating,of Cogitate
Cogitate,To engage in continuous thought; to think.
Cogitation,The act of thinking; thought; meditation; contemplation.
Cogman,A dealer in cogware or coarse cloth.
Cognac,A kind of French brandy  so called from the town of Cognac.
Cognateness,The state of being cognate.
Cognati,Relatives by the mother's side.
Cognation,Relationship by blood; descent from the same original; kindred.
Cognatus,A person connected through cognation.
Cognisor,Alt. of Cognisee
Cognisee,See Cognizor  Cognizee.
Cognition,The act of knowing; knowledge; perception.
Cognizable,Capable of being known or apprehended; as  cognizable causes.
Cognizably,In a cognizable manner.
Cognizance,Apprehension by the understanding; perception; observation.
Cognizant,Having cognizance or knowledge. (of).
Cognize,To know or perceive; to recognize.
Cognizee,One to whom a fine of land was acknowledged.
Cognominal,Of or pertaining to a cognomen; of the nature of a surname.
Cognomination,A cognomen or surname.
Cognoscence,Cognizance.
Cognoscenti,of Cognoscente
Cognoscente,A connoisseur.
Cognoscibility,The quality of being cognoscible.
Cognoscible,Capable of being known.
Cognoscitive,Having the power of knowing.
Coguardian,A joint guardian.
Cogue,A small wooden vessel; a pail.
Cohabited,of Cohabit
Cohabiting,of Cohabit
Cohabitant,One who dwells with another  or in the same place or country.
Cohabiter,A cohabitant.
Coheirship,The state of being a coheir.
Coherald,A joint herald.
Cohered,of Cohere
Cohering,of Cohere
Coherence,Alt. of Coherency
Coherently,In a coherent manner.
Cohesibility,The state of being cohesible.
Cohesible,Capable of cohesion.
Cohesion,The act or state of sticking together; close union.
Cohibited,of Cohibit
Cohibiting,of Cohibit
Cohibit,To restrain.
Cohibition,Hindrance; restraint.
Cohobated,of Cohobate
Cohobating,of Cohobate
Cohobation,The process of cohobating.
Cohorn,See Coehorn.
Coif,A cap.
Coifed,Wearing a coif.
Coiffure,A headdress  or manner of dressing the hair.
Coigne,A quoin.
Coiled,of Coil
Coiling,of Coil
Coilon,A testicle.
Coined,of Coin
Coining,of Coin
Coinage,The act or process of converting metal into money.
Coincided,of Coincide
Coinciding,of Coincide
Coincibency,Coincidence.
Coincidental,Coincident.
Coincidently,With coincidence.
Coincider,One who coincides with another in an opinion.
Coinhabitant,One who dwells with another  or with others.
Coinhere,To inhere or exist together  as in one substance.
Coinheritance,Joint inheritance.
Coinheritor,A coheir.
Coinitial,Having a common beginning.
Coinquinate,To pollute.
Coinquination,Defilement.
Coinstantaneous,Happening at the same instant.
Coit,A quoit.
Coition,A coming together; sexual intercourse; copulation.
Cojoin,To join; to conjoin.
Cojuror,One who swears to another's credibility.
Cokenay,A cockney.
Cokernut,The cocoanut.
Cokes,A simpleton; a gull; a dupe.
Cokewold,Cuckold.
Col-,A prefix signifying with  together. See Com-.
Colaborer,One who labors with another; an associate in labor.
Colation,The act or process of straining or filtering.
Colature,The process of straining; the matter strained; a strainer.
Colbertine,A kind of lace.
Coldfinch,A British wagtail.
Cold-hearted,Wanting passion or feeling; indifferent.
Coldish,Somewhat cold; cool; chilly.
Coldness,The state or quality of being cold.
Cold-short,Brittle when cold; as  cold-short iron.
Co-legatee,A joint legatee.
Colegoose,See Coalgoose.
Colemouse,See Coletit.
Coleopter,One of the Coleoptera.
Coleopteral,Alt. of Coleopterous
Coleopteran,One of the order of Coleoptera.
Coleopterist,One versed in the study of the Coleoptera.
Coleorhiza,A sheath in the embryo of grasses  inclosing the caulicle.
Coleperch,A kind of small black perch.
Colera,Bile; choler.
Coleseed,The common rape or cole.
Coleslaw,A salad made of sliced cabbage.
Co-lessee,A partner in a lease taken.
Co-lessor,A partner in giving a lease.
Colestaff,See Colstaff.
Colet,Alt. of Collet
Collet,An inferior church servant. [Obs.] See Acolyte.
Coletit,Alt. of Coaltit
Colfox,A crafty fox.
Colical,Of  pertaining to or of the nature of colic.
Colicky,Pertaining to  or troubled with colic; as a colicky disorder.
Coliseum,The amphitheater of Vespasian at Rome  the largest in the world.
Coll,To embrace.
Collaborateur,See Collaborator.
Collaboration,The act of working together; united labor.
Collagenous,Containing or resembling collagen.
Collapsed,of Collapse
Collapsing,of Collapse
Collapsion,Collapse.
Collared,of Collar
Collaring,of Collar
Collar bone,The clavicle.
Collatable,Capable of being collated.
Collated,of Collate
Collating,of Collate
Collaterally,Side by side; by the side.
Collateralness,The state of being collateral.
Collatitious,Brought together; contributed; done by contributions.
Collator,One who collates manuscripts  books etc.
Collaud,To join in praising.
Colleagueship,Partnership in office.
Collected,of Collect
Collecting,of Collect
Collectedly,Composedly; coolly.
Collectedness,A collected state of the mind; self-possession.
Collectible,Capable of being collected.
Collectional,Of or pertaining to collecting.
Collectiveness,A state of union; mass.
Collectivist,An advocate of collectivism.
Collectorate,The district of a collector of customs; a collectorship.
Collectorship,The office of a collector of customs or of taxes.
Collegatary,A joint legatee.
Collegial,Collegiate.
Colleterial,Of or pertaining to the colleterium of insects.
Colletic,Agglutinant.
Colley,See Collie.
Collied,Darkened. See Colly  v. t.
Collieries,of Colliery
Colliflower,See Cauliflower.
Colligated,of Colligate
Colligating,of Colligate
Colligate,To tie or bind together.
Colligation,A binding together.
Collimated,of Collimate
Collimating,of Collimate
Collin,A very pure form of gelatin.
Colline,A small hill or mount.
Colling,An embrace; dalliance.
Collingly,With embraces.
Collingual,Having  or pertaining to the same language.
Colliquable,Liable to melt  grow soft or become fluid.
Colliquament,The first rudiments of an embryo in generation.
Colliquated,of Colliquate
Colliquating,of Colliquate
Colliquation,A melting together; the act of melting; fusion.
Collish,A tool to polish the edge of a sole.
Collisive,Colliding; clashing.
Collitigant,Disputing or wrangling.
Collocate,Set; placed.
Collocated,of Collocate
Collocating,of Collocate
Collocution,A speaking or conversing together; conference; mutual discourse.
Collocutor,One of the speakers in a dialogue.
Collodionize,To prepare or treat with collodion.
Collodium,See Collodion.
Colloidal,Pertaining to  or of the nature of colloids.
Colloidality,The state or quality of being colloidal.
Collop,A small slice of meat; a piece of flesh.
Colloped,Having ridges or bunches of flesh  like collops.
Colloquist,A speaker in a colloquy or dialogue.
Colloquies,of Colloquy
Collow,Soot; smut. See 1st Colly.
Colluctation,A struggling; a contention.
Colluded,of Collude
Colluding,of Collude
Colluder,One who conspires in a fraud.
Colla,of Collum
Collum,A neck or cervix.
Collusive,Characterized by collusion; done or planned in collusion.
Collusory,Collusive.
Collutory,A medicated wash for the mouth.
Colly,The black grime or soot of coal.
Collying,of Colly
Collybist,A money changer.
Collyriums,of Collyrium
Collyria,of Collyrium
Collyrium,An application to the eye  usually an eyewater.
Colombier,A large size of paper for drawings. See under Paper.
Colombin,See Calumbin.
Colombo,See Calumba.
Colonelcy,The office  rank or commission of a colonel.
Colonelship,Colonelcy.
Coloner,A colonist.
Colonial,Of or pertaining to a colony; as  colonial rights traffic wars.
Colonical,Of or pertaining to husbandmen.
Colonist,A member or inhabitant of a colony.
Colonitis,See Colitis.
Colonized,of Colonize
Colonizing,of Colonize
Colonizer,One who promotes or establishes a colony; a colonist.
Colonies,of Colony
Colophany,See Colophony.
Colophonite,A coarsely granular variety of garnet.
Colophony,Rosin.
Coloquintida,See Colocynth.
Colored,of Color
Coloring,of Color
Colorable,Specious; plausible; having an appearance of right or justice.
Colorate,Colored.
Coloration,The act or art of coloring; the state of being colored.
Colorific,Capable of communicating color or tint to other bodies.
Colormen,of Colorman
Colorman,A vender of paints  etc.
Color sergeant,See under Sergeant.
Colossal,Of enormous size; gigantic; huge; as  a colossal statue.
Colossean,Colossal.
Colosseum,The amphitheater of Vespasian in Rome.
Colossi,of Colossus
Colossuses,of Colossus
Colostrum,The first milk secreted after delivery; biestings.
Colotomy,An operation for opening the colon
Colour,See Color.
Colp,See Collop.
Colportage,The distribution of religious books  tracts etc. by colporteurs.
Colporter,Same as Colporteur.
Coltish,Like a colt; wanton; frisky.
Colt's tooth,See under Colt.
Coluber,A genus of harmless serpents.
Colubrine,like or related to snakes of the genus Coluber.
Columba,See Calumba.
Columbae,An order of birds  including the pigeons.
Columbaria,of Columbarium
Columbarium,A dovecote or pigeon house.
Columbaries,of Columbary
Columbary,A dovecote; a pigeon house.
Columbate,A salt of columbic acid; a niobate. See Columbium.
Columbatz fly,See Buffalo fly  under Buffalo.
Columbian,Of or pertaining to the United States  or to America.
Columbic,Pertaining to  or containing columbium or niobium; niobic.
Columbier,See Colombier.
Columbiferous,Producing or containing columbium.
Columbin,A white  crystalline bitter substance. See Calumbin.
Columbine,Of or pertaining to a dove; dovelike; dove-colored.
Columbo,See Calumba.
Columelliform,Shaped like a little column  or columella.
Columnarity,The state or quality of being columnar.
Columnated,Having columns; as  columnated temples.
Columned,Having columns.
Columniation,The employment or arrangement of columns in a structure.
Colures,of Colure
Colies,of Coly
Comart,A covenant.
Comate,Encompassed with a coma  or bushy appearance like hair; hairy.
Co-mate,A companion.
Comatous,Comatose.
Comatulid,Any crinoid of the genus Antedon or allied genera.
Combed,of Comb
Combing,of Comb
Combated,of Combat
Combating,of Combat
Combat,To struggle or contend  as with an opposing force; to fight.
Combatant,Contending; disposed to contend.
Combater,One who combats.
Combative,Disposed to engage in combat; pugnacious.
Combbroach,A tooth of a wool comb.
Combinable,Capable of combining; consistent with.
Combinate,United; joined; betrothed.
Combination,The act or process of combining or uniting persons and things.
Combined,of Combine
Combining,of Combine
Combinedly,; jointly.
Combiner,One who  or that which combines.
Combless,Without a comb or crest; as  a combless cock.
Comboloio,A Mohammedan rosary  consisting of ninety-nine beads.
Comb-shaped,Pectinate.
Combust,Burnt; consumed.
Combustibility,The quality of being combustible.
Combustibleness,Combustibility.
Combustion,The state of burning.
Combustious,Inflammable.
Come,of Come
Coming,of Come
Co-meddle,To mix; to mingle  to temper.
Comedian,An actor or player in comedy.
Comedienne,A women who plays in comedy.
Comedietta,A dramatic sketch; a brief comedy.
Comedones,of Comedo
Comedown,A downfall; an humiliation.
Comedies,of Comedy
Comelily,In a suitable or becoming manner.
Comeliness,The quality or state of being comely.
Comes,The answer to the theme (dux) in a fugue.
Comessation,A reveling; a rioting.
Comestible,Suitable to be eaten; eatable; esculent.
Cometary,Pertaining to  or resembling a comet.
Comet-finder,Alt. of Comet- seeker
Cometic,Relating to a comet.
Cometographer,One who describes or writes about comets.
Cometography,A description of  or a treatise concerning comets.
Cometology,The department of astronomy relating to comets.
Comfiture,See Comfit  n.
Comforted,of Comfort
Comforting.,of Comfort
Comfort,To make strong; to invigorate; to fortify; to corroborate.
Comfortable,Strong; vigorous; valiant.
Comfortableness,State of being comfortable.
Comfortably,In a comfortable or comforting manner.
Comforter,One who administers comfort or consolation.
Comfortless,Without comfort or comforts; in want or distress; cheerless.
Comfortment,Act or process of administering comfort.
Comfortress,A woman who comforts.
Comic,Relating to comedy  as distinct from tragedy.
Comical,Relating to comedy.
Comicalities,of Comicality
Comicality,The quality of being comical; something comical.
Comicry,The power of exciting mirth; comicalness.
Comities,of Comity
Commanded,of Command
Commanding,of Command
Commandable,Capable of being commanded.
Commandatory,Mandatory; as  commandatory authority.
Commandership,The office of a commander.
Commanderies,of Commandery
Commandery,The office or rank of a commander.
Commandingly,In a commanding manner.
Commandress,A woman invested with authority to command.
Commandry,See Commandery.
Commark,The frontier of a country; confines.
Commaterial,Consisting of the same material.
Commatic,Having short clauses or sentences; brief; concise.
Commatism,Conciseness in writing.
Commeasurable,Having the same measure; commensurate; proportional.
Commeasure,To be commensurate with; to equal.
Commemorable,Worthy to be commemorated.
Commemorated,of Commemorate
Commemorating,of Commemorate
Commemorative,Tending or intended to commemorate.
Commemorator,One who commemorates.
Commemoratory,Serving to commemorate; commemorative.
Commenced,of Commence
Commencing,of Commence
Commence,To have a beginning or origin; to originate; to start; to begin.
Commended,of Commend
Commending,of Commend
Commend,To commit  intrust or give in charge for care or preservation.
Commendable,Worthy of being commended or praised; laudable; praiseworthy.
Commendatary,One who holds a living in commendam.
Commendator,One who holds a benefice in commendam; a commendatary.
Commender,One who commends or praises.
Commensal,One who eats at the same table.
Commensalism,The act of eating together; table fellowship.
Commensation,Commensality.
Commensurability,The quality of being commensurable.
Commensurably,In a commensurable manner; so as to be commensurable.
Commensurated,of Commensurate
Commensurating,of Commensurate
Commensurate,To reduce to a common measure.
Commensurateness,The state or quality of being commensurate.
Commensuration,The act of commensurating; the state of being commensurate.
Commented,of Comment
Commenting,of Comment
Commentaries,of Commentary
Commentate,To write comments or notes upon; to make comments.
Commentation,The act or process of commenting or criticising; exposition.
Commentatorial,Pertaining to the making of commentaries.
Commentatorship,The office or occupation of a commentator.
Commenter,One who makes or writes comments; a commentator; an annotator.
Commerced,of Commerce
Commercing,of Commerce
Commercialism,The commercial spirit or method.
Commercially,In a commercial manner.
Commigrate,To migrate together.
Commigration,Migration together.
Comminatory,Threatening or denouncing punishment; as  comminatory terms.
Commingled,of Commingle
Commingling,of Commingle
Commingle,To mingle together; to mix in one mass  or intimately; to blend.
Comminuted,of Comminute
Comminuting,of Comminute
Commiserable,Pitiable.
Commiserated,of Commiserate
Commiserating,of Commiserate
Commiserate,To feel sorrow  pain or regret for; to pity.
Commiserative,Feeling or expressing commiseration.
Commiserator,One who pities.
Commissarial,Of or pertaining to a commissary.
Commissaries,of Commissary
Commissaryship,The office or employment of a commissary.
Commissioned,of Commission
Commissioning,of Commission
Commissional,Alt. of Commissionary
Commissionate,To commission
Commissionnaire,An agent or factor; a commission merchant.
Commissionship,The office of commissioner.
Commissural,Of or pertaining to a commissure.
Committed,of Commit
Committing,of Commit
Committable,Capable of being committed.
Committeeman,A member of a committee.
Committer,One who commits; one who does or perpetrates.
Committible,Capable of being committed; liable to be committed.
Commixed,of Commix
Commixing,of Commix
Commix,To mix or mingle together; to blend.
Commixion,Commixture.
Commixtion,Commixture; mingling.
Commodate,A gratuitous loan.
Commodiously,In a commodious manner.
Commodities,of Commodity
Commonable,Held in common.
Commonalties,of Commonalty
Commoner,One of the common people; one having no rank of nobility.
Commonish,Somewhat common; commonplace; vulgar.
Commonition,Advice; warning; instruction.
Commonitive,Monitory.
Commonitory,Calling to mind; giving admonition.
Commonplaceness,The quality of being commonplace; commonness.
Common sense,See Common sense  under Sense.
Commonweal,Commonwealth.
Commorance,See Commorancy.
Commorancy,A dwelling or ordinary residence in a place; habitation.
Commorant,Ordinarily residing; inhabiting.
Commoration,The act of staying or residing in a place.
Commorient,Dying together or at the same time.
Commorse,Remorse.
Commote,To commove; to disturb; to stir up.
Commotion,Disturbed or violent motion; agitation.
Commoved,of Commove
Commoving,of Commove
Commove,To urge; to persuade; to incite.
Communal,Pertaining to a commune.
Communalist,An advocate of communalism.
Communalistic,Pertaining to communalism.
Communed,of Commune
Communing,of Commune
Communicability,The quality of being communicable; capability of being imparted.
Communicated,of Communicate
Communicating,of Communicate
Communicate,To share in common; to participate in.
Communicative,Inclined to communicate; ready to impart to others.
Communicativeness,The quality of being communicative.
Communicator,One who communicates.
Communicatory,Imparting knowledge or information.
Communion,The act of sharing; community; participation.
Communist,An advocate for the theory or practice of communism.
Communities,of Community
Commutability,The quality of being commutable.
Commutable,Capable of being commuted or interchanged.
Commutableness,The quality of being commutable; interchangeableness.
Commutative,Relative to exchange; interchangeable; reciprocal.
Commuted,of Commute
Commuting,of Commute
Commuter,One who commutes; especially  one who commutes in traveling.
Commutual,Mutual; reciprocal; united.
Comose,Bearing a tuft of soft hairs or down  as the seeds of milkweed.
Compact,Joined or held together; leagued; confederated.
Compacted,of Compact
Compacting,of Compact
Compactedly,In a compact manner.
Compactedness,A state of being compact.
Compacter,One who makes a compact.
Compactible,That may be compacted.
Compaction,The act of making compact  or the state of being compact.
Compages,A system or structure of many parts united.
Compagination,Union of parts; structure.
Companable,Companionable; sociable.
Companator,Same as Impanator.
Companiable,Companionable; sociable.
Companionless,Without a companion.
Companies,of Company
Companied,of Company
Companying,of Company
Comparable,Capable of being compared; worthy of comparison.
Comparate,One of two things compared together.
Comparation,A making ready; provision.
Comparative,Of or pertaining to comparison.
Compared,of Compare
Comparing,of Compare
Comparer,One who compares.
Comparted,of Compart
Comparting,of Compart
Compart,To divide; to mark out into parts or subdivisions.
Compartner,See Copartner.
Compass,A passing round; circuit; circuitous course.
Compassed,of Compass
Compassing,of Compass
Compassable,Capable of being compassed or accomplished.
Compassionable,Deserving compassion or pity; pitiable.
Compassionate,Having a temper or disposition to pity; sympathetic; merciful.
Compassionated,of Compassionate
Compassionating,of Compassionate
Compassionately,In a compassionate manner; mercifully.
Compassionateness,The quality or state of being compassionate.
Compassless,Having no compass.
Compaternity,The relation of a godfather to a person.
Compatibleness,Compatibility; consistency; fitness; agreement.
Compatibly,In a compatible manner.
Compatient,Suffering or enduring together.
Compatriot,One of the same country  and having like interests and feeling.
Compatriotism,The condition of being compatriots.
Compear,To appear.
Compeir,See Compear.
Compelled,of Compel
Compelling,of Compel
Compellable,Capable of being compelled or constrained.
Compellably,By compulsion.
Compellation,Style of address or salutation; an appellation.
Compellative,The name by which a person is addressed; an appellative.
Compellatory,Serving to compel; compulsory.
Compeller,One who compels or constrains.
Compend,A compendium; an epitome; a summary.
Compendiarious,Short; compendious.
Compendiate,To sum or collect together.
Compendiously,In a compendious manner.
Compendiousness,The state or quality of being compendious.
Compendiums,of Compendium
Compendia,of Compendium
Compensated,of Compensate
Compensating,of Compensate
Compensation,The act or principle of compensating.
Compensative,Affording compensation.
Compensatory,Serving for compensation; making amends.
Compense,To compensate.
Comperendinate,To delay.
Compesce,To hold in check; to restrain.
Competed,of Compete
Competing,of Compete
Competence,Alt. of Competency
Competency,The state of being competent; fitness; ability; adequacy; power.
Competently,In a competent manner; adequately; suitably.
Competible,Compatible; suitable; consistent.
Competitory,Acting in competition; competing; rival.
Competitress,A woman who competes.
Competitrix,A competitress.
Compilator,Compiler.
Compiled,of Compile
Compiling,of Compile
Compile,To put together; to construct; to build.
Compilement,Compilation.
Compiler,One who compiles; esp.  one who makes books by compilation.
Compinge,To compress; to shut up.
Complacence,Alt. of Complacency
Complacency,Calm contentment; satisfaction; gratification.
Complacential,Marked by  or causing complacence.
Complacently,In a complacent manner.
Complained,of Complain
Complaining,of Complain
Complainable,That may be complained of.
Complainant,One who makes complaint.
Complainer,One who complains or laments; one who finds fault; a murmurer.
Complaintful,Full of complaint.
Complanar,See Coplanar.
Complanate,Flattened to a level surface.
Complected,Complexioned.
Complemental,Supplying  or tending to supply a deficiency; fully completing.
Complementary,Serving to fill out or to complete; as  complementary numbers.
Completed,of Complete
Completing,of Complete
Completely,In a complete manner; fully.
Completement,Act of completing or perfecting; completion.
Completeness,The state of being complete.
Completive,Making complete.
Completory,Serving to fulfill.
Complexed,Complex  complicated.
Complexedness,The quality or state of being complex or involved; complication.
Complexion,The state of being complex; complexity.
Complexional,Of or pertaining to constitutional complexion.
Complexionally,Constitutionally.
Complexionary,Pertaining to the complexion  or to the care of it.
Complexities,of Complexity
Complexity,The state of being complex; intricacy; entanglement.
Complexly,In a complex manner; not simply.
Complexness,The state of being complex; complexity.
Complexus,A complex; an aggregate of parts; a complication.
Compliable,Capable of bending or yielding; apt to yield; compliant.
Compliancy,Compliance; disposition to yield to others.
Compliant,Yielding; bending; pliant; submissive.
Compliantly,In a compliant manner.
Complicacy,A state of being complicate or intricate.
Complicant,Overlapping  as the elytra of certain beetles.
Complicated,of Complicate
Complicating,of Complicate
Complicately,In a complex manner.
Complicateness,Complexity.
Complices,of Complice
Complice,An accomplice.
Complicities,of Complicity
Complicity,The state of being an accomplice; participation in guilt.
Complimental,Complimentary.
Complimentative,Complimentary.
Complimenter,One who compliments; one given to complimenting; a flatterer.
Compline,Alt. of Complin
Complotted,of Complot
Complotting,of Complot
Complotment,A plotting together.
Complotter,One joined in a plot.
Complied,of Comply
Complying,of Comply
Compone,To compose; to settle; to arrange.
Compony,Alt. of Compone
Comported,of Comport
Comporting,of Comport
Comportable,Suitable; consistent.
Comportance,Behavior; comport.
Comportation,A bringing together.
Comportment,Manner of acting; behavior; bearing.
Composed,of Compose
Composing,of Compose
Compositive,Having the quality of entering into composition; compounded.
Compositor,One who composes or sets in order.
Compositous,Belonging to the Compositae; composite.
Compossible,Able to exist with another thing; consistent.
Compost,A mixture; a compound.
Composture,Manure; compost.
Composure,The act of composing  or that which is composed; a composition.
Compotation,The act of drinking or tippling together.
Compotator,One who drinks with another.
Compounded,of Compound
Compounding,of Compound
Compoundable,That may be compounded.
Comprador,A kind of steward or agent.
Comprecation,A praying together.
Comprehended,of Comprehend
Comprehending,of Comprehend
Comprehensible,Capable of being comprehended  included or comprised.
Comprehensibleness,The quality of being comprehensible; comprehensibility.
Comprehensibly,With great extent of signification; comprehensively.
Comprehension,The act of comprehending  containing or comprising; inclusion.
Comprehensively,In a comprehensive manner; with great extent of scope.
Comprehensiveness,The quality of being comprehensive; extensiveness of scope.
Comprehensor,One who comprehends; one who has attained to a full knowledge.
Compressed,of Compress
Compressing,of Compress
Compressibleness,The quality of being compressible; compressibility.
Compression,The act of compressing  or state of being compressed.
Compressor,Anything which serves to compress
Compressure,Compression.
Comprint,To print together.
Comprisal,The act of comprising or comprehending; a compendium or epitome.
Comprised,of Comprise
Comprising,of Comprise
Comprise,To comprehend; to include.
Comprobate,To agree; to concur.
Comprobation,Joint attestation; proof.
Compromised,of Compromise
Compromising,of Compromise
Compromiser,One who compromises.
Compromissorial,Relating to compromise.
Compromitted,of Compromit
Compromitting,of Compromit
Compromit,To pledge by some act or declaration; to promise.
Comprovincial,Belonging to  or associated in the same province.
Compt,Account; reckoning; computation.
Compter,A counter.
Compte rendu,A report of an officer or agent.
Comptible,Accountable; responsible; sensitive.
Comptly,Neatly.
Comptrol,See Control.
Compulsative,Compulsatory.
Compulsatively,By compulsion.
Compulsive,Having power to compel; exercising or applying compulsion.
Compulsively,By compulsion; by force.
Compulsorily,In a compulsory manner; by force or constraint.
Compulsory,Having the power of compulsion; constraining.
Compunct,Affected with compunction; conscience-stricken.
Compunction,A pricking; stimulation.
Compunctionless,Without compunction.
Compunctiously,With compunction.
Compunctive,Sensitive in respect of wrongdoing; conscientious.
Compurgatorial,Relating to a compurgator or to compurgation.
Computable,Capable of being computed  numbered or reckoned.
Computation,The act or process of computing; calculation; reckoning.
Computed,of Compute
Computing,of Compute
Compute,To determine calculation; to reckon; to count.
Computer,One who computes.
Computist,A computer.
Comrade,A mate  companion or associate.
Comradery,The spirit of comradeship; comradeship.
Comradeship,The state of being a comrade; intimate fellowship.
Comrogue,A fellow rogue.
Comtism,Positivism; the positive philosophy. See Positivism.
Comtist,A disciple of Comte; a positivist.
Con-,A prefix  fr. L. cum signifying with together etc. See Com-.
Conned,of Con
Conning,of Con
Conacre,To underlet a portion of  for a single crop; -- said of a farm.
Conarium,The pineal gland.
Conative,Of or pertaining to conation.
Concamerate,To arch over; to vault.
Concameration,An arch or vault.
Concatenated,of Concatenate
Concatenating,of Concatenate
Concause,A joint cause.
Concavation,The act of making concave.
Concaved,of Concave
Concaving,of Concave
Concaveness,Hollowness; concavity.
Concavities,of Concavity
Concavo-concave,Concave or hollow on both sides; double concave.
Concavous,Concave.
Concealed,of Conceal
Concealing,of Conceal
Concealable,Capable of being concealed.
Concealer,One who conceals.
Concealment,The act of concealing; the state of being concealed.
Conceded,of Concede
Conceding,of Concede
Conceited,Endowed with fancy or imagination.
Conceitedly,In an egotistical manner.
Conceitedness,The state of being conceited; conceit; vanity.
Conceitless,Without wit; stupid.
Conceivable,Capable of being conceived  imagined or understood.
Conceived,of Conceive
Conceiving,of Conceive
Conceiver,One who conceives.
Concelebrate,To celebrate together.
Concentered,of Concentre
Concentred,of Concentre
Concentering,of Concentre
Concentring,of Concentre
Concenter,Alt. of Concentre
Concentrated,of Concentrate
Concentrating,of Concentrate
Concentrativeness,The quality of concentrating.
Concentric,Alt. of Concentrical
Concentrically,In a concentric manner.
Concentricity,The state of being concentric.
Concentual,Possessing harmony; accordant.
Concept,An abstract general conception; a notion; a universal.
Conceptibility,The quality of being conceivable; conceivableness.
Conceptible,Capable of being conceived; conceivable.
Conceptional,Pertaining to conception.
Conceptionalist,A conceptualist.
Conceptious,Apt to conceive; fruitful.
Conceptive,Capable of conceiving.
Conceptual,Pertaining to conception.
Conceptualist,One who maintains the theory of conceptualism.
Concerned,of Concern
Concerning,of Concern
Concernedly,In a concerned manner; solicitously; sympathetically.
Concerted,of Concert
Concerting,of Concert
Concertation,Strife; contention.
Concertative,Contentious; quarrelsome.
Concertion,Act of concerting; adjustment.
Concertos,of Concerto
Concessionist,One who favors concession.
Concessive,Implying concession; as  a concessive conjunction.
Concessively,By way of concession.
Concessory,Conceding; permissive.
Concettism,The use of concetti or affected conceits.
Concetti,of Concetto
Concetto,Affected wit; a conceit.
Conchifer,One of the Conchifera.
Conchiferous,Producing or having shells.
Conchiform,Shaped like one half of a bivalve shell; shell-shaped.
Conchinine,See Quinidine.
Conchite,A fossil or petrified conch or shell.
Conchitic,Composed of shells; containing many shells.
Conchological,Pertaining to  or connected with conchology.
Conchologist,One who studies  or is versed in conchology.
Conchometer,An instrument for measuring shells  or the angle of their spire.
Conchometry,The art of measuring shells or their curves; conchyliometry.
Concho-spiral,A kind of spiral curve found in certain univalve shells.
Conchylaceous,Alt. of Conchyliaceous
Conchyliologist,Alt. of Conchyliology
Conchyliology,See Conchologist  and Conchology.
Conchyliometry,Same as Conchometry.
Conchylious,Conchylaceous.
Conciliabule,An obscure ecclesiastical council; a conciliable.
Conciliar,Alt. of Conciliary
Conciliary,Of or pertaining to  or issued by a council.
Conciliated,of Conciliate
Conciliating,of Conciliate
Conciliative,Conciliatory.
Conciliator,One who conciliates.
Conciliatory,Tending to conciliate; pacific; mollifying; propitiating.
Concinnate,To place fitly together; to adapt; to clear.
Concinnous,Characterized by concinnity; neat; elegant.
Concionate,To preach.
Concionator,An haranguer of the people; a preacher.
Concionatory,Of or pertaining to preaching or public addresses.
Concisely,In a concise manner; briefly.
Conciseness,The quality of being concise.
Concision,A cutting off; a division; a schism; a faction.
Concitation,The act of stirring up  exciting or agitating.
Concite,To excite or stir up.
Conclamation,An outcry or shout of many together.
Concluded,of Conclude
Concluding,of Conclude
Conclude,To shut up; to inclose.
Concludency,Deduction from premises; inference; conclusion.
Concludent,Bringing to a close; decisive; conclusive.
Concluder,One who concludes.
Concludingly,Conclusively.
Conclusible,Demonstrable; determinable.
Conclusion,The last part of anything; close; termination; end.
Conclusively,In the way of conclusion; decisively; positively.
Conclusiveness,The quality of being conclusive; decisiveness.
Conclusory,Conclusive.
Concocted,of Concoct
Concocting,of Concoct
Concocter,One who concocts.
Concoction,A change in food produced by the organs of nutrition; digestion.
Concoctive,Having the power of digesting or ripening; digestive.
Concolor,Of the same color; of uniform color.
Concolorous,Of the same color throughout.
Concomitance,Alt. of Concomitancy
Concomitancy,The state of accompanying; accompaniment.
Concomitant,Accompanying; conjoined; attending.
Concomitantly,In company with others; unitedly; concurrently.
Concord,A state of agreement; harmony; union.
Concordable,Capable of according; agreeing; harmonious.
Concordance,Agreement; accordance.
Concordancy,Agreement.
Concordant,Agreeing; correspondent; harmonious; consonant.
Concordantly,In a concordant manner.
Concordat,A compact  covenant or agreement concerning anything.
Concordist,The compiler of a concordance.
Concorporate,To unite in one mass or body; to incorporate.
Concorporation,Union of things in one mass or body.
Concourse,A moving  flowing or running together; confluence.
Concreate,To create at the same time.
Concremation,The act of burning different things together.
Concrescible,Capable of being changed from a liquid to a solid state.
Concrescive,Growing together  or into union; uniting.
Concreted,of Concrete
Concreting,of Concrete
Concretely,In a concrete manner.
Concreteness,The quality of being concrete.
Concretional,Concretionary.
Concretive,Promoting concretion.
Concretively,In a concrete manner.
Concreture,A mass formed by concretion.
Concrew,To grow together.
Concrimination,A joint accusation.
Concubinacy,The practice of concubinage.
Concubinal,Of or pertaining to concubinage.
Concubinarian,Concubinary.
Concubinary,Relating to concubinage; living in concubinage.
Concubinaries,of Concubinary
Concubinate,Concubinage.
Concultated,of Conculcate
Conculcating,of Conculcate
Conculcate,To tread or trample under foot.
Concupiscence,Sexual lust; morbid carnal passion.
Concupiscent,Having sexual lust; libidinous; lustful; lecherous; salacious.
Concupiscential,Relating to concupiscence.
Concupiscentious,Concupiscent.
Concupiscibleness,The state of being concupiscible.
Concupy,Concupiscence. [Used only in Troilus and Cressida]
Concurred,of Concur
Concurring,of Concur
Concur,To run together; to meet.
Concurrency,Concurrence.
Concurrently,With concurrence; unitedly.
Concurrentness,The state or quality of being concurrent; concurrence.
Concuss,To shake or agitate.
Concussation,A violent shock or agitation.
Concussive,Having the power or quality of shaking or agitating.
Cond,To con  as a ship.
Condemned,of Condemn
Condemning,of Condemn
Condemn,To pronounce to be wrong; to disapprove of; to censure.
Condemnable,Worthy of condemnation; blamable; culpable.
Condemner,One who condemns or censures.
Condensability,Capability of being condensed.
Condensable,Capable of being condensed; as  vapor is condensable.
Condensate,Made dense; condensed.
Condensated,of Condensate
Condensating,of Condensate
Condensative,Having the property of condensing.
Condensed,of Condense
Condensing,of Condense
Condenser,One who  or that which condenses.
Conder,One who watches shoals of fish; a balker. See Balker.
Condescended,of Condescend
Condescending,of Condescend
Condescendence,Alt. of Condescendency
Condescendency,Condescension.
Condescendingly,In a condescending manner.
Condescent,An act of condescension.
Condign,Worthy; suitable; deserving; fit.
Condignly,According to merit.
Condignness,Agreeableness to deserts; suitableness.
Condisciple,A schoolfellow; a fellow-student.
Condite,Preserved; pickled.
Conditioned,of Condition
Conditioning,of Condition
Conditionate,Conditional.
Conditionly,Conditionally.
Conditories,of Conditory
Conditory,A repository for holding things; a hinding place.
Condog,To concur; to agree.
Condolatory,Expressing condolence.
Condoled,of Condole
Condoling,of Condole
Condolement,Condolence.
Condolence,Expression of sympathy with another in sorrow or grief.
Condoler,One who condoles.
Condonation,The act of condoning or pardoning.
Condoned,of Condone
Condoning,of Condone
Condone,To pardon; to forgive.
Condottieri,of Condottiere
Conduced,of Conduce
Conducing,of Conduce
Conducent,Conducive; tending.
Conducibility,The state or quality of being conducible; conducibleness.
Conducible,Conducive; tending; contributing.
Conducibleness,Quality of being conducible.
Conducibly,In a manner to promote.
Conducive,Loading or tending; helpful; contributive; tending to promote.
Conduciveness,The quality of conducing.
Conduct,The act or method of conducting; guidance; management.
Conducted,of Conduct
Conducting,of Conduct
Conductible,Capable of being conducted.
Conduction,The act of leading or guiding.
Conductory,Having the property of conducting.
Conductress,A woman who leads or directs; a directress.
Conduit,A pipe  canal channel or passage for conveying water or fluid.
Conduplication,A doubling together or folding; a duplication.
Condurango,See Cundurango.
Condylar,Of or pertaining to a condyle.
Condyloid,Shaped like or pertaining to a condyle.
Condylomata,of Condylome
Condylomes,of Condylome
Condyloma,Alt. of Condylome
Condylopod,An arthropod.
Coneine,See Conine.
Conepate,Alt. of Conepatl
Conepatl,The skunk.
Coney,A rabbit. See Cony.
Confab,Familiar talk or conversation.
Confabulated,of Confabulate
Confabulating,of Confabulate
Confabulate,To talk familiarly together; to chat; to prattle.
Confabulation,Familiar talk; easy  unrestrained unceremonious conversation.
Confabulatory,Of the nature of familiar talk; in the form of a dialogue.
Confalon,One of a fraternity of seculars  also called Penitents.
Confated,Fated or decreed with something else.
Confected,of Confect
Confecting,of Confect
Confect,To prepare  as sweetmeats; to make a confection of.
Confection,A composition of different materials.
Confectionary,A confectioner.
Confectioner,A compounder.
Confectory,Pertaining to the art of making sweetmeats.
Confecture,Same as Confiture.
Confeder,To confederate.
Confederacies,of Confederacy
Confederated,of Confederate
Confederating,of Confederate
Confederater,A confederate.
Confederative,Of or pertaining to a confederation.
Confederator,A confederate.
Conferred,of Confer
Conferring,of Confer
Confer,To bring together for comparison; to compare.
Conference,The act of comparing two or more things together; comparison.
Conferential,Relating to conference.
Conferrable,Capable of being conferred.
Conferree,Same as Conferee.
Conferrer,One who confers; one who converses.
Conferruminate,Alt. of Conferruminated
Confervae,of Conferva
Confervaceous,Belonging to the confervae.
Confervoid,Like  or related to the confervae.
Confessed,of Confess
Confessing,of Confess
Confessant,One who confesses to a priest.
Confessary,One who makes a confession.
Confessedly,By confession; without denial.
Confesser,One who makes a confession.
Confessionalist,A priest hearing  or sitting to hear confession.
Confessionary,A confessional.
Confessionist,One professing a certain faith.
Confessorship,The act or state of suffering persecution for religious faith.
Confestly,See Cofessedly.
Confidant,Alt. of Confidante
Confided,of Confide
Confiding,of Confide
Confident,See Confidant.
Confidentially,In confidence; in reliance on secrecy.
Confidently,With confidence; with strong assurance; positively.
Confidentness,The quality of being confident.
Confider,One who confides.
Configured,of Configure
Configuring,of Configure
Configure,To arrange or dispose in a certain form  figure or shape.
Confinable,Capable of being confined  restricted or limited.
Confined,of Confine
Confining,of Confine
Confineless,Without limitation or end; boundless.
Confiner,One who  or that which limits or restrains.
Confinity,Community of limits; contiguity.
Confrmed,of Confirm
Confirming,of Confirm
Confirmable,That may be confirmed.
Confirmance,Confirmation.
Confirmative,Tending to confirm or establish.
Confirmator,One who  or that which confirms; a confirmer.
Confirmatory,Serving to confirm; corroborative.
Confirmedly,With confirmation.
Confirmedness,A fixed state.
Confirmee,One to whom anything is confirmed.
Confirmingly,In a confirming manner.
Confiscable,Capable of being confiscated; liable to forfeiture.
Confiscated,of Confiscate
Confiscating,of Confiscate
Confiscator,One who confiscates.
Confiscatory,Effecting confiscation; characterized by confiscations.
Confit,Same as Comfit.
Confitent,One who confesses his sins and faults.
Confiteor,A form of prayer in which public confession of sins is made.
Confixed,of Confix
Confix,To fix; to fasten.
Confixure,Act of fastening.
Conflagrant,Burning together in a common flame.
Conflated,of Conflate
Conflating,of Conflate
Conflicted,of Conflict
Conflicting,of Conflict
Conflictive,Tending to conflict; conflicting.
Conflux,A flowing together; a meeting of currents.
Confluxibility,The tendency of fluids to run together.
Confluxible,Inclined to flow or run together.
Confocal,Having the same foci; as  confocal quadrics.
Conform,Of the same form; similar in import; conformable.
Conformed,of Conform
Conforming,of Conform
Conformability,The state of being conformable.
Conformableness,The quality of being conformable; conformability.
Conformably,With conformity or in conformity; suitably; agreeably.
Conformance,Conformity.
Conformate,Having the same form.
Conformation,The act of conforming; the act of producing conformity.
Conformities,of Conformity
Confortation,The act of strengthening.
Confounded,of Confound
Confounding,of Confound
Confoundedly,Extremely; odiously; detestable.
Confoundedness,The state of being confounded.
Confounder,One who confounds.
Confract,Broken in pieces; severed.
Confragose,Broken; uneven.
Confraternities,of Confraternity
Confrere,Fellow member of a fraternity; intimate associate.
Confrication,A rubbing together; friction.
Confrier,A confr/re.
Confronted,of Confront
Confronting,of Confront
Confrontation,Act of confrontating.
Confronte,Same as Affronte.
Confronter,One who confronts.
Confrontment,The act of confronting; the state of being face to face.
Confucianist,A follower of Confucius; a Confucian.
Confus,Confused  disturbed.
Confusability,Capability of being confused.
Confusable,Capable of being confused.
Confuse,Mixed; confounded.
Confused,of Confuse
Confusing,of Confuse
Confusedly,In a confused manner.
Confusedness,A state of confusion.
Confusely,Confusedly; obscurely.
Confusive,Confusing; having a tendency to confusion.
Confutable,That may be confuted.
Confutant,One who undertakes to confute.
Confutation,The act or process of confuting; refutation.
Confutative,Adapted or designed to confute.
Confuted,of Confute
Confuting,of Confute
Confutement,Confutation.
Confuter,One who confutes or disproves.
Cong,An abbreviation of Congius.
Congeable,Permissible; done lawfully; as  entry congeable.
Congealed,of Congeal
Congealing,of Congeal
Congeal,To change from a fluid to a solid state by cold; to freeze.
Congealable,Capable of being congealed.
Congealedness,The state of being congealed.
Congealment,The act or the process of congealing; congeliation.
Congee,See Conge  Conge.
Congeneracy,Similarity of origin; affinity.
Congeneric,Alt. of Congenerical
Congenerical,Belonging to the same genus; allied in origin  nature or action.
Congenerous,Allied in origin or cause; congeneric; as  congenerous diseases.
Congenialize,To make congenial.
Congenially,In a congenial manner; as  congenially married or employed.
Congenialness,Congeniality.
Congenious,Congeneric.
Congenitally,In a congenital manner.
Congenite,Congenital; connate; inborn. See Congenital.
Conger,The conger eel; -- called also congeree.
Congested,Crowded together.
Congestion,The act of gathering into a heap or mass; accumulation.
Congiaries,of Congiary
Congius,A liquid measure containing about three quarts.
Conglaciate,To turn to ice; to freeze.
Conglobated,of Conglobate
Conglobating,of Conglobate
Conglobation,The act or process of forming into a ball.
Conglobed,of Conglobe
Conglobing,of Conglobe
Conglobe,To gather into a ball; to collect into a round mass.
Conglobulate,To gather into a small round mass.
Conglomerated,of Conglomerate
Conglomerating,of Conglomerate
Conglutinate,Glued together; united  as by some adhesive substance.
Conglutinated,of Conglutinate
Conglutinative,Conglutinant.
Congou,Alt. of Congo
Congratulant,Rejoicing together; congratulatory.
Congratulated,of Congratulate
Congratulating,of Congratulate
Congratulator,One who offers congratulation.
Congratulatory,Expressive of sympathetic joy; as  a congratulatory letter.
Congree,To agree.
Congreet,To salute mutually.
Congregate,Collected; compact; close.
Congregated,of Congregate
Congregating,of Congregate
Congresses,of Congress
Congressive,Encountering  or coming together.
Congressmen,of Congressman
Congreve rocket,See under Rocket.
Congrue,To agree; to be suitable.
Congruence,Suitableness of one thing to another; agreement; consistency.
Congruency,Congruence.
Congruent,Possessing congruity; suitable; agreeing; corresponding.
Congruism,See Congruity.
Congruities,of Congruity
Congruously,In a congruous manner.
Conia,Same as Conine.
Conic,Alt. of Conical
Conicality,Conicalness.
Conically,In the form of a cone.
Conicalness,State or quality of being conical.
Conicoid,Same as Conoidal.
Conida,of Conidium
Coniferous,Bearing cones  as the pine and cypress.
Coniform,Cone-shaped; conical.
Coniine,See Conine.
Conimene,Same as Olibene.
Coniroster,One of the Conirostres.
Conirostral,Belonging to the Conirostres.
Conisor,See Cognizor.
Conite,A magnesian variety of dolomite.
Conject,To throw together  or to throw.
Conjector,One who guesses or conjectures.
Conjecturable,Capable of being conjectured or guessed.
Conjecturalist,A conjecturer.
Conjecturally,That which depends upon guess; guesswork.
Conjectured,of Conjecture
Conjecturing,of Conjecture
Conjecturer,One who conjectures.
Conjoined,of Conjoin
Conjoining,of Conjoin
Conjoin,To join together; to unite.
Conjoint,United; connected; associated.
Conjointly,In a conjoint manner; untitedly; jointly; together.
Conjointness,The quality of being conjoint.
Conjubilant,Shouting together for joy; rejoicing together.
Conjugality,The conjugal state; sexual intercourse.
Conjugally,In a conjugal manner; matrimonially; connubially.
Conjugate,United in pairs; yoked together; coupled.
Conjugated,of Conjugate
Conjugating,of Conjugate
Conjugation,the act of uniting or combining; union; assemblage.
Conjugational,relating to conjugation.
Conjugial,Conjugal.
Conjugium,The marriage tie.
Conjunct,United; conjoined; concurrent.
Conjunctional,Relating to a conjunction.
Conjunctival,Joining; connecting.
Conjunctive,Serving to unite; connecting together.
Conjunctively,In conjunction or union; together.
Conjunctiveness,The state or quality of being conjunctive.
Conjunctivitis,Inflammation of the conjunctiva.
Conjunctly,In union; conjointly; unitedly; together.
Conjured,of Conjure
Conjuring,of Conjure
Conjurement,Serious injunction; solemn demand or entreaty.
Conjuror,One bound by a common oath with others.
Conjury,The practice of magic; enchantment.
Conn,See Con  to direct a ship.
Connascence,Alt. of Connascency
Connascent,Born together; produced at the same time.
Connate,Born with another; being of the same birth.
Connation,Connection by birth; natural union.
Connaturality,Participation of the same nature; natural union or connection.
Connaturalize,To bring to the same nature as something else; to adapt.
Connaturally,By the act of nature; originally; from birth.
Connaturalness,Participation of the same nature; natural union.
Connature,Participation in a common nature or character.
Connected,of Connect
Connecting,of Connect
Connectedly,In a connected manner.
Connective,Connecting  or adapted to connect; involving connection.
Connectively,In connjunction; jointly.
Connector,One who  or that which connects
Connex,To connect.
Connexion,Connection. See Connection.
Connexive,See Connective.
Conning tower,The shot-proof pilot house of a war vessel.
Connived,of Connive
Conniving,of Connive
Connive,To open and close the eyes rapidly; to wink.
Connivency,Connivance.
Conniver,One who connives.
Connoisseurship,State of being a connoisseur.
Connotative,Implying something additional; illative.
Connotatively,In a connotative manner; expressing connotation.
Connoted,of Connote
Connoting,of Connote
Connumeration,A reckoning together.
Connusance,See Cognizance.
Connusant,See Cognizant.
Connusor,See Cognizor.
Connutritious,Nutritious by force of habit; -- said of certain kinds of food.
Conny,Brave; fine; canny.
Conoid,Anything that has a form resembling that of a cone.
Conoidal,Nearly  but not exactly conical.
Conoidic,Alt. of Conoidical
Conoidical,Pertaining to a conoid; having the form of a conoid.
Conominee,One nominated in conjunction with another; a joint nominee.
Conquadrate,To bring into a square.
Conquassate,To shake; to agitate.
Conquered,of Conquer
Conquering,of Conquer
Conquerable,Capable of being conquered or subdued.
Conqueress,A woman who conquers.
Conqueror,One who conquers.
Consanguineal,Of the same blood; related by birth.
Consanguined,Of kin blood; related.
Consarcination,A patching together; patchwork.
Conscience,Knowledge of one's own thoughts or actions; consciousness.
Conscienced,Having a conscience.
Conscienceless,Without conscience; indifferent to conscience; unscrupulous.
Conscient,Conscious.
Conscionable,Governed by  or according to conscience; reasonable; just.
Conscionableness,The quality of being conscionable; reasonableness.
Conscionably,Reasonably; justly.
Conscribe,To enroll; to enlist.
Conscript,Enrolled; written; registered.
Conscription,An enrolling or registering.
Consecrate,Consecrated; devoted; dedicated; sacred.
Consecrated,of Consecrate
Consecrating,of Consecrate
Consecrater,Consecrator.
Consecratory,Of or pertaining to the act of consecration; dedicatory.
Consectaneous,Following as a matter of course.
Consectary,Following by consequence; consequent; deducible.
Consecute,To follow closely; to endeavor to overtake; to pursue.
Consecution,A following  or sequel; actual or logical dependence.
Consecutively,In a consecutive manner; by way of sequence; successively.
Consecutiveness,The state or quality of being consecutive.
Consension,Agreement; accord.
Consensual,Existing  or made by the mutual consent of two or more parties.
Consensus,Agreement; accord; consent.
Consented,of Consent
Consenting,of Consent
Consentaneity,Mutual agreement.
Consentant,Consenting.
Consenter,One who consents.
Consentient,Agreeing in mind; accordant.
Consentingly,With consent; in a compliant manner.
Consequencing,Drawing inference.
Consequent,Following as a result  inference or natural effect.
Consequentialness,The quality of being consequential.
Consequently,By consequence; by natural or logical sequence or connection.
Consertion,Junction; adaptation
Conservable,Capable of being preserved from decay or injury.
Conservancy,Conservation  as from injury defilement or irregular use.
Conservant,Having the power or quality of conservation.
Conservational,Tending to conserve; preservative.
Conservativeness,The quality of being conservative.
Conservatory,Having the quality of preserving from loss  decay or injury.
Conservatrix,A woman who preserves from loss  injury etc.
Conserved,of Conserve
Conserving,of Conserve
Conserver,One who conserves.
Considered,of Consider
Considering,of Consider
Considerable,Worthy of consideration  borne in mind or attended to.
Considerableness,Worthiness of consideration; dignity; value; size; amount.
Considerance,Act of considering; consideration.
Considerative,Considerate; careful; thoughtful.
Considerator,One who considers.
Considerer,One who considers; a man of reflection; a thinker.
Consideringly,With consideration or deliberation.
Consigned,of Consign
Consigning,of Consign
Consignatary,A consignee.
Consignature,Joint signature.
Consigne,A countersign; a watchword.
Consigner,One who consigns. See Consignor.
Consignificant,Having joint or equal signification; synonymous.
Consignification,Joint signification.
Consignificative,Consignificant; jointly significate.
Consignify,To signify or denote in combination with something else.
Consignment,The act of consigning; consignation.
Consignor,One who consigns something to another; -- opposed to consignee.
Consilience,Act of concurring; coincidence; concurrence.
Consimilitude,Alt. of Consimility
Consimility,Common resemblance.
Consisted,of Consist
Consisting,of Consist
Consistence,Alt. of Consistency
Consistent,Possessing firmness or fixedness; firm; hard; solid.
Consistently,In a consistent manner.
Consistorial,Of or pertaining to a consistory.
Consistories,of Consistory
Consociate,An associate; an accomplice.
Consociated,of Consociate
Consociating,of Consociate
Consociational,Of or pertaining to a consociation.
Consolable,Capable of receiving consolation.
Consolate,To console; to comfort.
Consolator,One who consoles or comforts.
Consolatory,Of a consoling or comforting nature.
Consoled,of Console
Consoling,of Console
Consoler,One who gives consolation.
Consolidate,Formed into a solid mass; made firm; consolidated.
Consolidated,of Consolidate
Consolidating,of Consolidate
Consolidative,Tending or having power to consolidate; healing.
Consols,The leading British funded government security.
Consomme,A clear soup or bouillion boiled down so as to be very rich.
Consonance,Alt. of Consonancy
Consonantal,Of the nature of a consonant; pertaining to consonants.
Consonantize,To change into  or use as a consonant.
Consonantly,In a consonant  consistent or congruous manner; agreeably.
Consonous,Agreeing in sound; symphonious.
Consopiation,The act of sleeping  or of lulling to sleep.
Consopite,Lulled to sleep.
Consorted,of Consort
Consorting,of Consort
Consortable,Suitable for association or companionship.
Consortion,Fellowship; association; companionship.
Consortship,The condition of a consort; fellowship; partnership.
Conspecific,Of the same species.
Conspectuities,of Conspectuity
Conspectuity,The faculty of seeing; sight; eye.
Conspersion,The act of sprinkling.
Conspiracies,of Conspiracy
Conspirant,Engaging in a plot to commit a crime; conspiring.
Conspiration,Agreement or concurrence for some end or purpose; conspiracy.
Conspirator,One who engages in a conspiracy; a plotter.
Conspired,of Conspire
Conspiring,of Conspire
Conspirer,One who conspires; a conspirator.
Conspiringly,In the manner of a conspirator; by conspiracy.
Conspissation,A making thick or viscous; thickness; inspissation.
Conspurcate,To pollute; to defile.
Conspurcation,The act of defiling; defilement; pollution.
Constablery,The constabulary.
Constableship,The office or functions of a constable.
Constabless,The wife of a constable.
Constablewick,The district to which a constable's power is limited.
Constabulary,Of or pertaining to constables; consisting of constables.
Constabulatory,A constabulary.
Constant,Firm; solid; fixed; immovable; -- opposed to fluid.
Constantia,A superior wine  white and red from Constantia in Cape Colony.
Constate,To ascertain; to verify; to establish; to prove.
Constipated,of Constipate
Constipating,of Constipate
Constituencies,of Constituency
Constituent,Serving to form  compose or make up; elemental; component.
Constituted,of Constitute
Constituting,of Constitute
Constitute,To cause to stand; to establish; to enact.
Constituter,One who constitutes or appoints.
ties,of Constitutionality
Constitutionist,One who adheres to the constitution of the country.
Constitutively,In a constitutive manner.
Constrained,of Constrain
Constraining,of Constrain
Constrainedly,By constraint or compulsion; in a constrained manner.
Constrainer,One who constrains.
Constraintive,Constraining; compulsory.
Constricted,of Constrict
Constricting,of Constrict
Constrictive,Serving or tending to bind or constrict.
Constrictor,That which constricts  draws together or contracts.
Constringed,of Constringe
Constringing,of Constringe
Constringent,Having the quality of contracting  binding or compressing.
Constructed,of Construct
Constructing,of Construct
Constructer,One who  or that which constructs or frames.
Constructional,Pertaining to  or deduced from construction or interpretation.
Constructively,In a constructive manner; by construction or inference.
Constructiveness,Tendency or ability to form or construct.
Constructor,A constructer.
Constructure,That which is constructed or formed; an edifice; a fabric.
Construed,of Construe
Construing,of Construe
Construprated,of Constuprate
Constuprating,of Constuprate
Constuprate,To ravish; to debauch.
Constupration,The act of ravishing; violation; defilement.
Consubstantialism,The doctrine of consubstantiation.
Consubstantialist,One who believes in consubstantiation.
Consubstantiated,of Consubstantiate
Consubstantiating,of Consubstantiate
Consubstantiation,An identity or union of substance.
Consuetude,Custom  habit; usage.
Consuetudinal,According to custom; customary; usual.
Consuetudinary,Customary.
Consuetudinaries,of Cussuetudinary
Cussuetudinary,A manual or ritual of customary devotional exercises.
Consul,One of the two chief magistrates of the republic.
Consulary,Consular.
Consulate,The office of a consul.
Consulship,The office of a consul; consulate.
Consulted,of Consult
Consulting,of Consult
Consultary,Formed by consultation; resulting from conference.
Consultatory,Formed by  or resulting from consultation; advisory.
Consulter,One who consults  or asks counsel or information.
Consumed,of Consume
Consuming,of Consume
Consumedly,Excessively.
Consumer,One who  or that which consumes; as the consumer of food.
Consumingly,In a consuming manner.
Consummated,of Consummate
Consummating,of Consummate
Consummately,In a consummate manner; completely.
Consummative,Serving to consummate; completing.
Consumptively,In a way tending to or indication consumption.
Consumptiveness,A state of being consumptive  or a tendency to a consumption.
Contabescent,Wasting away gradually.
Contact,A close union or junction of bodies; a touching or meeting.
Contaction,Act of touching.
Contagioned,Affected by contagion.
Contagiously,In a contagious manner.
Contagiousness,Quality of being contagious.
Contagium,Contagion; contagious matter.
Contained,of Contain
Containing,of Contain
Containable,Capable of being contained or comprised.
Containant,A container.
Container,One who  or that which contains.
Containment,That which is contained; the extent; the substance.
Contaminable,Capable of being contaminated.
Contaminated,of Contaminate
Contaminating,of Contaminate
Contamitive,Tending or liable to contaminate.
Contangoes,of Contango
Contection,A covering.
Contek,Quarrel; contention; contest.
Contemned,of Contemn
Contemning,of Contemn
Contemner,One who contemns; a despiser; a scorner.
Contemningly,Contemptuously.
Contemperate,To temper; to moderate.
Contemperation,The act of tempering or moderating.
Contemplance,Contemplation.
Contemplant,Given to contemplation; meditative.
Contemplated,of Contemplate
Contemplating,of Contemplate
Contemplatist,A contemplator.
Contemplatively,With contemplation; in a contemplative manner.
Contemplativeness,The state of being contemplative; thoughtfulness.
Contemplator,One who contemplates.
Contemporaneity,The state of being contemporaneous.
Contemporaneous,Living  existing or occurring at the same time; contemporary.
Contemporaneously,At the same time with some other event.
Contemporariness,Existence at the same time; contemporaneousness.
Contemporaries,of Contemporary
Contemptibility,The quality of being contemptible; contemptibleness.
Contemptibly,In a contemptible manner.
Contemptuously,In a contemptuous manner; with scorn or disdain; despitefully.
Contended,of Contend
Contending,of Contend
Contendent,An antagonist; a contestant.
Contender,One who contends; a contestant.
Contendress,A female contestant.
Contents,of Content
Contentation,Content; satisfaction.
Contented,Content; easy in mind; satisfied; quiet; willing.
Contentful,Full of content.
Contentless,Discontented; dissatisfied.
Contently,In a contented manner.
Contentment,The state of being contented or satisfied; content.
Conterminal,Conterminous.
Conterminant,Having the same limits; ending at the same time; conterminous.
Conterminate,Having the same bounds; conterminous.
Conterminous,Having the same bounds  or limits; bordering upon; contiguous.
Conterranean,Alt. of Conterraneous
Conterraneous,Of or belonging to the same country.
Contesseration,An assemblage; a collection; harmonious union.
Contested,of Contest
Contesting,of Contest
Contestable,Capable of being contested; debatable.
Contestation,The act of contesting; emulation; rivalry; strife; dispute.
Contestingly,In a contending manner.
Contex,To context.
Context,Knit or woven together; close; firm.
Contextured,Formed into texture; woven together; arranged; composed.
Conticent,Silent.
Contiguate,Contiguous; touching.
Continence,Alt. of Continency
Continency,Self-restraint; self-command.
Continent,Serving to restrain or limit; restraining; opposing.
Continental,Of or pertaining to a continent.
Continently,In a continent manner; chastely; moderately; temperately.
Contingence,See Contingency.
Contingencies,of Contingency
Contingency,Union or connection; the state of touching or contact.
Contingentness,The state of being contingent; fortuitousness.
Continuable,Capable of being continued
Continuant,Continuing; prolonged; sustained; as  a continuant sound.
Continuate,Immediately united together; intimately connected.
Continuative,A term or expression denoting continuance.
Continued,of Continue
Continuing,of Continue
Continuedly,Continuously.
Continuities,of Continuity
Continuo,Basso continuo  or continued bass.
Continuously,In a continuous maner; without interruption.
Contline,The space between the strands on the outside of a rope.
Contorniate,Alt. of Contorniate
Contorsion,See Contortion.
Contorted,Twisted  or twisted together.
Contertionist,One who makes or practices contortions.
Contortive,Expressing contortion.
Contourniated,Having furrowed edges  as if turned in a lathe.
Contraband,Illegal or prohibited traffic.
Contrabandism,Traffic in contraband goods; smuggling.
Contrabandist,One who traffics illegally; a smuggler.
Contrabasso,The largest kind of bass viol. See Violone.
Contracted,of Contract
Contracting,of Contract
Contractible,Capable of contraction.
Contractibleness,Contractibility.
Contractility,The quality or property by which bodies shrink or contract.
Contradicted,of Contradict
Contradicting,of Contradict
Contradictable,Capable of being contradicting.
Contradicter,one who contradicts.
Contradictional,Contradictory; inconsistent; opposing.
Contradictions,Filled with contradictions; inconsistent.
Contradictive,Contradictory; inconsistent.
Contradictor,A contradicter.
Contradictorily,In a contradictory manner.
Contradictoriness,The quality of being contradictory; opposition; inconsistency.
Contradictories,of Contradictory
Contradistinct,Distinguished by opposite qualities.
Contradistinction,Distinction by contrast.
Contradistinguished,of Contradistinguish
Contradistinguishing,of Contradistinguish
Contradistinguish,To distinguish by a contrast of opposite qualities.
Contrafagetto,The double bassoon  an octave deeper than the bassoon.
Contrahent,Entering into covenant; contracting; as  contrahent parties.
Contraindicated,of Contraindicate
Contraindicating,of Contraindicate
Contramure,An outer wall.
Contranatural,Opposed to or against nature; unnatural.
Contraposition,A placing over against; opposite position.
Contrapuntal,Pertaining to  or according to the rules of counterpoint.
Contrapuntist,One skilled in counterpoint.
Contraremonstrant,One who remonstrates in opposition or answer to a remonstrant.
Contrariant,Contrary; opposed; antagonistic; inconsistent; contradictory.
Contrariantly,Contrarily.
Contrarieties,of Contrariety
Contrarious,Showing contrariety; repugnant; perverse.
Contrariously,Contrarily; oppositely.
Contrariwise,On the contrary; oppositely; on the other hand.
Contrarry,To contradict or oppose; to thwart.
Contrasted,of Contrast
Contrasting,of Contrast
Contratenor,Counter tenor; contralto.
Contravened,of Contravene
Contravening,of Contravene
Contravener,One who contravenes.
Contraversion,A turning to the opposite side; antistrophe.
Contributable,Capable of being contributed.
Contributary,Contributory.
Contributed,of Contribute
Contributing,of Contribute
Contribution,The act of contributing.
Contributional,Pertaining to  or furnishing a contribution.
Contributive,Contributing  or tending to contribute.
Contributories,of Contributory
Contrist,To make sad.
Contristate,To make sorrowful.
Contrite,Thoroughly bruised or broken.
Contriteness,Deep sorrow and penitence for sin; contrition.
Contriturate,To triturate; to pulverize.
Contrivble,Capable of being contrived  planned invented or devised.
Contrived,of Contrive
Contriving,of Contrive
Contrivement,Contrivance; invention; arrangement; design; plan.
Contriver,One who contrives  devises plans or schemas.
Controlled,of Control
Controlling,of Control
Controllability,Capability of being controlled; controllableness.
Controllableness,Capability of being controlled.
Controllership,The office of a controller.
Controversal,Turning or looking opposite ways.
Controversary,Controversial.
Controverse,Controversy.
Controverser,A disputant.
Controversialist,One who carries on a controversy; a disputant.
Controversially,In a controversial manner.
Controversion,Act of controverting; controversy.
Controversor,A controverser.
Controversies,of Controversy
Controverted,of Controvert
Controverting,of Controvert
Controverter,One who controverts; a controversial writer; a controversialist.
Controvertist,One skilled in or given to controversy; a controversialist.
Contubernal,Alt. of Contubernial
Contubernial,Living or messing together; familiar; in companionship.
Contumacies,of Contumacy
Contumacy,Stubborn perverseness; pertinacious resistance to authority.
Contumelious,Exhibiting contumely; rudely contemptuous; insolent; disdainful.
Contused,of Contuse
Contusing,of Contuse
Contuse,To beat  pound or together.
Conus,A cone.
Conusable,Cognizable; liable to be tried or judged.
Conusant,See Cognizant.
Conusor,See Cognizor.
Convalesced,of Convalesce
Convalescing,of Convalesce
Convalescence,Alt. of Convalescency
Convallaria,The lily of the valley.
Convection,The act or process of conveying or transmitting.
Convectively,In a convective manner.
Convellent,Tending to tear or pull up.
Convenable,Capable of being convened or assembled.
Convenance,That which is suitable  agreeable or convenient.
Convened,of Convene
Convenong,of Convene
Convene,To come together; to meet; to unite.
Convener,One who convenes or meets with others.
Convenience,Alt. of Conveniency
Convenient,Fit or adapted; suitable; proper; becoming; appropriate.
Conveniently,In a convenient manner  form or situation; without difficulty.
Convent,A coming together; a meeting.
Conventical,Of or from  or pertaining to a convent.
Conventicle,A small assembly or gathering; esp.  a secret assembly.
Conventicler,One who supports or frequents conventicles.
Conventicling,Belonging or going to  or resembling a conventicle.
Conventional,Formed by agreement or compact; stipulated.
Conventionalist,One who adheres to a convention or treaty.
Conventionalities,of Conventionality
Conventionalization,The act of making conventional.
Conventionalized,of Conventionalizw
Conventionalizing,of Conventionalizw
Conventionalily,In a conventional manner.
Conventioner,One who belongs to a convention or assembly.
Conventionist,One who enters into a convention  covenant or contract.
Conventual,Of or pertaining to a convent; monastic.
Converged,of Converge
Converging,of Converge
Convergence,Alt. of Convergency
Convergency,The condition or quality of converging; tendency to one point.
Conversably,In a conversable manner.
Conversancy,Conversance
Conversantly,In a familiar manner.
Conversation,General course of conduct; behavior.
Conversationalist,A conversationist.
Conversationed,Acquainted with manners and deportment; behaved.
Conversationism,A word or phrase used in conversation; a colloquialism.
Conversationist,One who converses much  or who excels in conversation.
Conversazioni,of Conversazi-one
Conversed,of Converse
Conversing,of Converse
Converser,One who engages in conversation.
Conversible,Capable of being converted or reversed.
Conversive,Capable of being converted or changed.
Converted,of Convert
Converting,of Convert
Convert,To cause to turn; to turn.
Converter,One who converts; one who makes converts.
Convertibleness,The state of being convertible; convertibility.
Convertibly,In a convertible manner.
Convertite,A convert.
Convexed,Made convex; protuberant in a spherical form.
Convexedly,In a convex form; convexly.
Convexedness,Convexity.
Convexities,of Convexity
Convexly,In a convex form; as  a body convexly shaped.
Convexness,The state of being convex; convexity.
Convexo-convex,Convex on both sides; double convex. See under Convex  a.
Convexo-plane,Convex on one side  and flat on the other; plano-convex.
Conveyed,of Convey
Conveying,of Convey
Convey,To carry from one place to another; to bear or transport.
Conveyable,Capable of being conveyed or transferred.
Conveyance,The act of conveying  carrying or transporting; carriage.
Conviciate,To utter reproaches; to raise a clamor; to rail.
Convicinities,of Convicinity
Convicinity,Immediate vicinity; neighborhood.
Convicious,Expressing reproach; abusive; railing; taunting.
Convict,Proved or found guilty; convicted.
Convicted,of Convict
Convicting,of Convict
Convict1ible,Capable of being convicted.
Convictive,Convincing.
Convinced,of Convince
Convincing,of Convince
Convince,To overpower; to overcome; to subdue or master.
Convincement,Act of convincing  or state of being convinced; conviction.
Convincer,One who  or that which convinces; one who wins over by proof.
Convincible,Capable of being convinced or won over.
Convincingly,in a convincing manner; in a manner to compel assent.
Convincingness,The power of convincing  or the quality of being convincing.
Convival,pertaining to a feast or to festivity; convivial.
Convive,To feast together; to be convivial.
Convivialist,A person of convivial habits.
Convivialities,of Conviviality
Convivially,In a convivial manner.
Convocated,of Convocate
Convocating,of Convocate
Convocate,To convoke; to call together.
Convocation,The act of calling or assembling by summons.
Convocational,Of or pertaining to a convocation.
Convocationist,An advocate or defender of convocation.
Convoked,of Convoke
Convoking,of Convoke
Convoke,To call together; to summon to meet; to assemble by summons.
Convoluted,Having convolutions.
Convolved,of Convolve
Convolving,of Convolve
Convolve,To roll or wind together; to roll or twist one part on another.
Convolvuli,of Convolvulus
Convoluluses,of Convolvulus
Convoyed,of Convoy
Convoying,of Convoy
Convulsed,of Convulse
Convulsing,of Convulse
Convulsional,Pertaining to  or having convulsions; convulsionary.
Convulsionary,Pertaining to convulsion; convulsive.
Convulsively,in a convulsive manner.
Cony,A rabbit  esp. the European rabbit (Lepus cuniculus)
Cony-catch,To deceive; to cheat; to trick.
Cony-catcher,A cheat; a sharper; a deceiver.
Cooed,of Coo
Cooing,of Coo
Cooey,Alt. of Cooee
Cook,To make the noise of the cuckoo.
Cooked,of Cook
Cooking,of Cook
Cookbook,A book of directions and receipts for cooking; a cookery book.
Cookee,A female cook.
Cookey,Alt. of Cookie
Cookie,See Cooky.
Cookroom,A room for cookery; a kitchen; the galley or caboose of a ship.
Cookshop,An eating house.
Cookies,of Cooky
Cooky,A small  flat sweetened cake of various kinds.
Cooled,of Cool
Cooling,of Cool
Cooler,That which cools  or abates heat or excitement.
Cool-headed,Having a temper not easily excited; free from passion.
Coolie,Same as Cooly.
Coolish,Somewhat cool.
Coolly,Coolish; cool.
Coolung,The great gray crane of India (Grus cinerea).
Coolies,of Coolie
Cooly,Alt. of Coolie
Coomb,A dry measure of four bushels  or half a quarter.
Coombe,A hollow in a hillside. [Prov. Eng.] See Comb  Combe.
Coon,A raccoon. See Raccoon.
Coop,A barrel or cask for liquor.
Cooped,of Coop
Cooping,of Coop
Coopee,See Coupe.
Cooper,One who makes barrels  hogsheads casks etc.
Coopered,of Cooper
Coopering,of Cooper
Cooperage,Work done by a cooper.
Cooperant,Operating together; as  cooperant forces.
Cooperated,of Cooperate
Cooperating,of Cooperate
Cooperative,Operating jointly to the same end.
Cooperator,One who labors jointly with others to promote the same end.
Coopery,Relating to a cooper; coopered.
Coopt,To choose or elect in concert with another.
Cooptate,To choose; to elect; to coopt.
Cooptation,The act of choosing; selection; choice.
Coordain,To ordain or appoint for some purpose along with another.
Coordinance,Joint ordinance.
Coordinate,Equal in rank or order; not subordinate.
Coordinated,of Coordinate
Coordinating,of Coordinate
Coordinately,In a coordinate manner.
Coordinateness,The state of being coordinate; equality of rank or authority.
Coordinative,Expressing coordination.
Coot,A wading bird with lobate toes  of the genus Fulica.
Cooter,A fresh-water tortoise (Pseudemus concinna) of Florida.
Coothay,A striped satin made in India.
Cop,The top of a thing; the head; a crest.
Copaiba,Alt. of Copaiva
Coparcenaries,of Coparcenary
Coparcener,One who has an equal portion with others of an inheritance.
Coparceny,An equal share of an inheritance.
Copart,To share.
Copartment,A compartment.
Copartneries,of Copartnery
Copartnery,the state of being copartners in any undertaking.
Copatain,Having a high crown  or a point or peak at top.
Copatriot,A joint patriot.
Cope,A covering for the head.
Coped,of Cope
Coping,of Cope
Cope-chisel,A narrow chisel adapted for cutting a groove.
Copeck,A Russian copper coin. See Kopeck.
Copelata,See Larvalla.
Copeman,A chapman; a dealer; a merchant.
Copepod,Of or pertaining to the Copepoda.
Copesmate,An associate or companion; a friend; a partner.
Copestone,A stone for coping. See Coping.
Copious,Large in quantity or amount; plentiful; abundant; fruitful.
Copiously,In a copious manner.
Copist,A copier.
Coplaner,Situated in one plane.
Copland,A piece of ground terminating in a point or acute angle.
Coportion,Equal share.
Copped,Rising to a point or head; conical; pointed; crested.
Coppel,See Cupel.
Coppered,of Copper
Coppering,of Copper
Copper-faced,Faced or covered with copper; as  copper-faced type.
Copper-nickel,Niccolite.
Copper-nose,A red nose.
Copper works,A place where copper is wrought or manufactured.
Coppin,A cop of thread.
Copple-crown,A created or high-topped crown or head.
Coppled,Rising to a point; conical; copped.
Copple dust,Cupel dust.
Copplestone,A cobblestone.
Copps,See Copse.
Coprolite,A piece of petrified dung; a fossil excrement.
Coprolitic,Containing  pertaining to or of the nature of coprolites.
Coprophagan,A kind of beetle which feeds upon dung.
Coprophagous,Feeding upon dung  as certain insects.
Cop-rose,The red  or corn poppy.
Cops,The connecting crook of a harrow.
Copse,A wood of small growth; a thicket of brushwood. See Coppice.
Copsewood,Brushwood; coppice.
Copsy,Characterized by copses.
Coptic,Of or pertaining to the Copts.
Copula,The word which unites the subject and predicate.
Copulate,Joined; associated; coupled.
Copulated,of Copulate
Copulating,of Copulate
Copulation,The act of coupling or joining; union; conjunction.
Copulatively,In a copulative manner.
Copies,of Copy
Copy,An abundance or plenty of anything.
Copied,of Copy
Copying,of Copy
Copyer,See Copier.
Copyholder,One possessed of land in copyhold.
Copyist,A copier; a transcriber; an imitator; a plagiarist.
Coquelicot,The wild poppy  or red corn rose.
Coquetted,of Coquet
Coquetting,of Coquet
Coquetries,of Coquetry
Coquettish,Practicing or exhibiting coquetry; alluring; enticing.
Coquettishly,In a coquettish manner.
Coquilla nut,The fruit of a Brazilian tree (Attalea funifera of Martius.).
Cor-,A prefix signifying with  together etc. See Com-.
Cor,A Hebrew measure of capacity; a homer.
Coracoid,Shaped like a crow's beak.
Corage,See Courage
Coraled,Having coral; covered with coral.
Corallaceous,Like coral  or partaking of its qualities.
Coralliferous,Containing or producing coral.
Coralliform,resembling coral in form.
Coralligena,Same as Anthozoa.
Coralligenous,producing coral; coralligerous; coralliferous.
Coralligerous,Producing coral; coralliferous.
Coralline,Composed of corallines; as  coralline limestone.
Corallinite,A fossil coralline.
Corallite,A mineral substance or petrifaction  in the form of coral.
Coralloid,Having the form of coral; branching like coral.
Coralloidal,resembling coral; coralloid.
Coral-rag,Same as Corallian.
Coranach,A lamentation for the dead; a dirge.
Corant,Alt. of Coranto
Coranto,A sprightly but somewhat stately dance  now out of fashion.
Corb,A basket used in coal mines  etc. see Corf.
Corbe,Crooked.
Corbell,A sculptured basket of flowers; a corbel.
Corbies,of Corby
Corbie,Alt. of Corby
Corby,The raven.
Corcle,Alt. of Corcule
Corcule,The heart of the seed; the embryo or germ.
Corded,of Cord
Cording,of Cord
Cordal,Same as Cordelle.
Cordate,Heart-shaped; as  a cordate leaf.
Cordately,In a cordate form.
Cordeling,Twisting.
Cordelle,A twisted cord; a tassel.
Cordial,Proceeding from the heart.
Cordialities,of Cordiality
Cordiality,Relation to the heart.
Cordialize,To make into a cordial.
Cordially,In a cordial manner.
Cordialness,Cordiality.
Cordierite,See Iolite.
Cordoform,Heart-shaped.
Cordillera,A mountain ridge or chain.
Cordiner,A cordwainer.
Corduroy,A sort of cotton velveteen  having the surface raised in ridges.
Cordwainer,A worker in cordwain  or cordovan leather; a shoemaker.
Core,A body of individuals; an assemblage.
Coring,of Core
Co-regent,A joint regent or ruler.
Co-relation,Corresponding relation.
Co-religionist,One of the same religion with another.
Corves,of Corf
Corf,A basket.
Corfiote,Alt. of Corfute
Coriaceous,Consisting of or resembling  leather; leatherlike; tough.
Corindon,See Corrundum.
Corinne,The common gazelle (Gazella dorcas). See Gazelle.
Corinth,A city of Greece  famed for its luxury and extravagance.
Corinthiac,Pertaining to Corinth.
Corinthian,Of or relating to Corinth.
Corival,A rival; a corrival.
Corivalry,Alt. of Corivalship
Corivalship,Joint rivalry.
Corked,of Cork
Corking,of Cork
Cork fossil,A variety of amianthus which is very light  like cork.
Corkiness,The quality of being corky.
Corkwing,A fish; the goldsinny.
Corky,Consisting of  or like cork; dry shriveled up.
Corm,A solid bulb-shaped root  as of the crocus. See Bulb.
Cormogeny,The embryological history of groups or families of individuals.
Cormophylogeny,The phylogeny of groups or families of individuals.
Cormophytes,Alt. of Cormophyta
Cormoraut,Ravenous; voracious.
Cormus,See Corm.
Corned,of Corn
Corning,of Corn
Cornamute,A cornemuse.
Corncob,The cob or axis on which the kernels of Indian corn grow.
Corncrib,A crib for storing corn.
Corncutter,A machine for cutting up stalks of corn for food of cattle.
Corneas,of Cornea
Corneal,Pertaining to the cornea.
Cornelian,Same as Carnelian.
Cornemuse,A wind instrument nearly identical with the bagpipe.
Corneouss,Of a texture resembling horn; horny; hard.
Cornered,of Corner
Cornering,of Corner
Cornercap,The chief ornament.
Cornerwise,With the corner in front; diagonally; not square.
Cornets-a-piston,of Cornet-a-piston
Cornetcy,The commission or rank of a cornet.
Corneter,One who blows a cornet.
Corneule,One of the corneas of a compound eye in the invertebrates.
Cornfloor,A thrashing floor.
Corniced,Having a cornice.
Cornicle,A little horn.
Cornicular,A secretary or clerk.
Cor/niculate,Horned; having horns.
Cornicula,of Corniculum
Corniculum,A small hornlike part or process.
Cornific,Producing horns; forming horn.
Cornification,Conversion into  or formation of horn; a becoming like horn.
Cornified,Converted into horn; horny.
Corniform,Having the shape of a horn; horn-shaped.
Cornigerous,Horned; having horns; as  cornigerous animals.
Corniplume,A hornlike tuft of feathers on the head of some birds.
Cornish,Of or pertaining to Cornwall  in England.
Cornist,A performer on the cornet or horn.
Cornloft,A loft for corn; a granary.
Cornmuse,A cornemuse.
Corni,di basseto (pl. ) of Corno di bassetto
Corni Inglesi,of Corno Inglese
Cornopean,An obsolete name for the cornet-a-piston.
Cornsheller,A machine that separates the kernels of corn from the cob.
Cornshuck,The husk covering an ear of Indian corn.
Cornstalk,A stalk of Indian corn.
Cornua,of Cornu
Cornu,A horn  or anything shaped like or resembling a horn.
Cornua Ammonis,of Cornu Ammonis
Cornucopias,of Cornucopia
Cornute,Alt. of Cornuted
Cornuted,Bearing horns; horned; horn-shaped.
Cornuto,A man that wears the horns; a cuckold.
Cornutor,A cuckold maker.
Corny,Strong  stiff or hard like a horn; resembling horn.
Corocore,A kind of boat of various forms  used in the Indian Archipelago.
Corol,A corolla.
Corollaries,of Corollary
Corollate,Alt. of Corollated
Corollated,Having a corolla or corollas; like a corolla.
Corollet,A floret in an aggregate flower.
Corollifloral,Alt. of Corolliflorous
Corolline,Of or pertaining to a corolla.
Coronae,of Corona
Coronas,of Corona
Coronach,See Coranach.
Coronal,Of or pertaining to a corona (in any of the senses).
Coronamen,The upper margin of a hoof; a coronet.
Coronate,Alt. of Coronated
Coronated,Having or wearing a crown.
Coronel,A colonel.
Coroneted,Wearing  or entitled to wear a coronet; of noble birth or rank.
Coroniform,Having the form of a crown or coronet; resembling a crown.
Coroun,Crown.
Corozo,Alt. of Corosso
Corporace,See Corporas.
Corporalities,of Corporality
Corporally,In or with the body; bodily; as  to be corporally present.
Corporalship,A corporal's office.
Corporas,The corporal  or communion cloth.
Corporately,In a corporate capacity; acting as a corporate body.
Corporator,A member of a corporation  esp. one of the original members.
Corporature,The state of being embodied; bodily existence.
Corporealism,Materialism.
Corporealities,of Corporeality
Corporeality,The state of being corporeal; corporeal existence.
Corporeally,In the body; in a bodily form or manner.
Corporealness,Corporeality; corporeity.
Corporify,To embody; to form into a body.
Corposant,St. Elmo's fire. See under Saint.
Corps,The human body  whether living or dead.
Corpulence,Alt. of Corpulency
Corpulency,Excessive fatness; fleshiness; obesity.
Corpulent,Very fat; obese.
Corpulently,In a corpulent manner.
Corpora,of Corpus
Corpus,A body  living or dead; the corporeal substance of a thing.
Corpora callosa,of Corpus
Corpora lutea,of Corpus
Corpora striata,of Corpus
Corpuscle,A minute particle; an atom; a molecule.
Corpuscular,Pertaining to  or composed of corpuscles or small particles.
Corpuscularian,Corpuscular.
Corpuscule,A corpuscle.
Corpusculous,Corpuscular.
Corrade,To gnaw into; to wear away; to fret; to consume.
Corradial,Radiating to or from the same point.
Corradiate,To converge to one point or focus  as light or rays.
Corradiation,A conjunction or concentration of rays in one point.
Corraled,of Corral
Corralling,of Corral
Corrasive,Corrosive.
Corrected,of Correct
Correcting,of Correct
Correctible,Alt. of Correctable
Correctable,Capable of being corrected.
Correctify,To correct.
Correctioner,One who is  or who has been in the house of correction.
Correctly,In a correct manner; exactly; acurately; without fault or error.
Correctory,Containing or making correction; corrective.
Correctress,A woman who corrects.
Corregidor,The chief magistrate of a Spanish town.
Correi,A hollow in the side of a hill  where game usually lies.
Correlatable,Such as can be correlated; as  correlatable phenomena.
Correlated,of Correlate
Correlating,of Correlate
Correlate,To have reciprocal or mutual relations; to be mutually related.
Correlative,Having or indicating a reciprocal relation.
Correlatively,In a correlative relation.
Correlativeness,Quality of being correlative.
Correligionist,A co-religion/ist.
Correption,Chiding; reproof; reproach.
Corresponded,of Correspond
Corresponding,of Correspond
Correspondencies,of Correspondency
Correspondency,Same as Correspondence  3.
Correspondently,In a a corresponding manner; conformably; suitably.
Correspondingly,In a corresponding manner; conformably.
Corresponsive,Corresponding; conformable; adapted.
Corrie,Same as Correi.
Corrigenda,of Corrigendum
Corrigendum,A fault or error to be corrected.
Corrigent,A substance added to a medicine to mollify or modify its action.
Corrigibleness,The state or quality of being corrigible; corrigibility.
Corrival,A fellow rival; a competitor; a rival; also  a companion.
Corrivalry,Corivalry.
Corrivalship,Corivalry.
Corrivate,To cause to flow together  as water drawn from several streams.
Corrivation,The flowing of different streams into one.
Corroborant,Strengthening; supporting; corroborating.
Corroborated,of Corroborate
Corroborating,of Corroborate
Corroborative,Tending to strengthen of confirm.
Corroboratory,Tending to strengthen; corroborative; as  corroboratory facts.
Corroded,of Corrode
Corroding,of Corrode
Corrodent,Corrosive.
Corrodiate,To eat away by degrees; to corrode.
Corrodibility,The quality of being corrodible.
Corrodible,Capable of being corroded; corrosible.
Corrosibility,Corrodibility.
Corrosible,Corrodible.
Corrosibleness,The quality or state of being corrosible.
Corrugant,Having the power of contracting into wrinkles.
Corrugated,of Corrugate
Corrugating,of Corrugate
Corrugator,A muscle which contracts the skin of the forehead into wrinkles.
Corrugent,Drawing together; contracting; -- said of the corrugator.
Corrump,To corrupt. See Corrupt.
Corrumpable,Corruptible.
Corrupted,of Corrupt
Corrupting,of Corrupt
Corruptful,Tending to corrupt; full of corruption.
Corruptible,Capable of being made corrupt; subject to decay.
Corruptingly,In a manner that corrupts.
Corruptionist,One who corrupts  or who upholds corruption.
Corruptless,Not susceptible of corruption or decay; incorruptible.
Corruptness,The quality of being corrupt.
Corruptress,A woman who corrupts.
Corsac,The corsak.
Corsage,The waist or bodice of a lady's dress; as  a low corsage.
Corse,A living body or its bulk.
Corsepresent,An offering made to the church at the interment of a dead body.
Corseted,of Corset
Corseting,of Corset
Corslet,A corselet.
Cortege,A train of attendants; a procession.
Cortices,of Cortex
Cortex,Bark  as of a tree; hence an outer covering.
Corticate,Alt. of Corticated
Corticiferous,Producing bark or something that resembling that resembles bark.
Corticiform,Resembling  or having the form of bark or rind.
Corticose,Abounding in bark; resembling bark; barky.
Corticous,Relating to  or resembling bark; corticose.
Corundums,of Corundum
Coruscant,Glittering in flashes; flashing.
Coruscate,To glitter in flashes; to flash.
Coruscation,A sudden flash or play of light.
Corve,See Corf.
Corven,p. p. of Carve.
Corvet,Alt. of Corvette
Corvetto,A curvet.
Corvine,Of or pertaining to the crow; crowlike.
Corvorant,See Cormorant.
Corybants,of Corybant
Corybantes,of Corybant
Corymbed,Corymbose.
Corymbiferous,Bearing corymbs of flowers or fruit.
Corymbose,Consisting of corymbs  or resembling them in form.
Corymbosely,In corymbs.
Coryphaenoid,Belonging to  or like the genus Coryphaena. See Dolphin.
Coryphee,A ballet dancer.
Coryphene,A fish of the genus Coryphaena. See Dolphin. (2)
Corypheuses,of Corypheus
Coryphei,of Corypheus
Coryphodont,Pertaining to  or resembling the genus Coryphodon.
Coryza,Nasal catarrh.
Coscinomancy,Divination by means of a suspended sieve.
Cosen,See Cozen.
Cosenage,See Cozenage.
Cosentient,Perceiving together.
Cosey,See Cozy.
Cosherer,One who coshers.
Cosier,A tailor who botches his work.
Cosignificative,Having the same signification.
Cosignitaries,of Cosignitary
Cosily,See Cozily.
Cosinage,Collateral relationship or kindred by blood; consanguinity.
Cosmetic,Alt. of Cosmetical
Cosmic,Alt. of Cosmical
Cosmogonal,Alt. of Cosmogonical
Cosmogonic,Alt. of Cosmogonical
Cosmogonical,Belonging to cosmogony.
Cosmogonies,of Cosmogony
Cosmographic,Alt. of Cosmographical
Cosmographical,Of or pertaining to cosmography.
Cosmographically,In a cosmographic manner; in accordance with cosmography.
Cosmographies,of Cosmography
Cosmolatry,Worship paid to the world.
Cosmological,Of or pertaining to cosmology.
Cosmologist,One who describes the universe; one skilled in cosmology.
Cosmometry,The art of measuring the world or the universe.
Cosmopolitan,Alt. of Cosmopolite
Cosmopolitanism,The quality of being cosmopolitan; cosmopolitism.
Cosmopolitical,Having the character of a cosmopolite.
Cosmoramic,Of or pertaining to a cosmorama.
Cosmotheism,Same as Pantheism.
Cosovereign,A joint sovereign.
Cossas,Plain India muslin  of various qualities and widths.
Cossic,Alt. of Cossical
Cossical,Of or relating to algebra; as  cossic numbers or the cossic art.
Cost,A rib; a side; a region or coast.
Costing,of Cost
Costa,A rib of an animal or a human being.
Costage,Expense; cost.
Costal-nerved,Having the nerves spring from the midrib.
Costard,An apple  large and round like the head.
Costardmonger,A costermonger.
Costate,Alt. of Costated
Costean,To search after lodes. See Costeaning.
Costellate,Finely ribbed or costated.
Coster,One who hawks about fruit  green vegetables fish etc.
Costiferous,Rib-bearing  as the dorsal vertebrae.
Costively,In a costive manner.
Costless,Costing nothing.
Costlewe,Costly.
Costliness,The quality of being costy; expensiveness; sumptuousness.
Costly,Of great cost; expensive; dear.
Co-sufferer,One who suffers with another.
Cosupreme,A partaker of supremacy; one jointly supreme.
Cosureties,of Cosurety
Cosurety,One who is surety with another.
Cosy,See Cozy.
Cot,A small house; a cottage or hut.
Cote,A cottage or hut.
Cotemporaneous,Living or being at the same time; contemporaneous.
Cotemporary,Living or being at the same time; contemporary.
Cotemporaries,of Cotemporary
Cotenant,A tenant in common  or a joint tenant.
Coterminous,Bordering; conterminous; -- followed by with.
Cotgare,Refuse wool.
Cothurnate,Alt. of Cothurnated
Cothurnated,Wearing a cothurn.
Cothurnus,Same as Cothurn.
Coticular,Pertaining to whetstones; like or suitable for whetstones.
Cotillon,Alt. of Cotillion
Cotillion,A brisk dance  performed by eight persons; a quadrille.
Cotise,See Cottise.
Cotised,See Cottised.
Cotqueanity,The condition  character or conduct of a cotquean.
Cotrustee,A joint trustee.
Cottage,A small house; a cot; a hut.
Cottaged,Set or covered with cottages.
Cottagely,Cottagelike; suitable for a cottage; rustic.
Cottager,One who lives in a cottage.
Cotter,Alt. of Cottar
Cottar,A cottager; a cottier.
Cottoid,Like a fish of the genus Cottus.
Cottolene,A product from cotton-seed  used as lard.
Cottonade,A somewhat stout and thick fabric of cotton.
Cottonary,Relating to  or composed of cotton; cottony.
Cottonous,Resembling cotton.
Cottonweed,See Cudweed.
Cottrel,A trammel  or hook to support a pot over a fire.
Cotyla,Alt. of Cotyle
Cotyle,A cuplike cavity or organ. Same as Acetabulum.
Cotyledon,One of the patches of villi found in some forms of placenta.
Cotyledonal,Of  pertaining to or resembling a cotyledon.
Cotyliform,Shaped like a cotyle or a cup.
Cotyligerous,Having cotyles.
Couched,of Couch
Couching,of Couch
Couch,To lay upon a bed or other resting place.
Couchancy,State of lying down for repose.
Couchant,Lying down with head erect; squatting.
Coucher,One who couches.
Couch grass,See Quitch grass.
Couchless,Having no couch or bed.
Coughed,of Cough
Coughing,of Cough
Cougher,One who coughs.
Couhage,See Cowhage.
Coulee,A stream
Coulisse,A piece of timber having a groove in which something glides.
Couloir,A deep gorge; a gully.
Coulter,Same as Colter.
Coulterneb,The puffin.
Councilist,One who belong to a council; one who gives an opinion.
Councilmen,of Councilman
Councilor,A member of a council.
Co-une,To combine or unite.
Co-unite,To unite.
Counsel,Interchange of opinions; mutual advising; consultation.
Counseled,of Counsel
Counselled,of Counsel
Counseling,of Counsel
Counselling,of Counsel
Counselable,Willing to receive counsel or follow advice.
Counselor,One who counsels; an adviser.
Counselorship,The function and rank or office of a counselor.
Counted,of Count
Counting,of Count
Countable,Capable of being numbered.
Counttenance,Appearance or expression of the face; look; aspect; mien.
Countenanced,of Countenance
Countenancing,of Countenance
Countenance,To encourage; to favor; to approve; to aid; to abet.
Countenancer,One who countenances  favors or supports.
Counteracted,of Counteract
Counteracting,of Counteract
Counteraction,Action in opposition; hindrance resistance.
Counteractive,Tending to counteract.
Counteractibely,By counteraction.
Counterbalanced,of Counterbalance
Counterbalancing,of Counterbalance
Counter brace,The brace of the fore-topsail on the leeward side of a vessel.
Countercast,A trick; a delusive contrivance.
Counterchanged,of Counterchange
Counterchanging,of Counterchange
Counterchange,To give and receive; to cause to change places; to exchange.
Countercharge,An opposing charge.
Countercharmed,of Countercharm
Countercharming,of Countercharm
Countercharm,To destroy the effect of a charm upon.
Counterchecked,of Countercheck
Counterchecking,of Countercheck
Countercheck,To oppose or check by some obstacle; to check by a return check.
Counterclaim,A claim made by a person as an offset to a claim made on him.
Counter-compony,See Compony.
Countercurrent,Running in an opposite direction.
Counterdrew,of Counterdraw
Counterdrawn,of Counterdraw
Counterdrawing,of Counterdraw
Counterfaisance,See Counterfesance.
Counterfeited,of Counterfeit
Counterfeiting,of Counterfeit
Counterfeitly,By forgery; falsely.
Counterfesance,The act of forging; forgery.
Counterfleury,Counterflory.
Counterforce,An opposing force.
Counterfort,A kind of buttress of masonry to strengthen a revetment wall.
Counterirritant,Alt. of Counterirritation
Counterirritation,See Counter irritant  etc. under Counter a.
Counterjumper,A salesman in a shop; a shopman; -- used contemptuously.
Countermen,of Counterman
Counterman,A man who attends at the counter of a shop to sell goods.
Countermanded,of Countermand
Countermanding,of Countermand
Countermandable,Capable of being countermanded; revocable.
Countermarched,of Countermarch
Countermarching,of Countermarch
Countermarch,To march back  or to march in reversed order.
Countermined,of Countermine
Countermining,of Countermine
Countermove,To move in a contrary direction to.
Countermovement,A movement in opposition to another.
Countermured,of Countermure
Countermuring,of Countermure
Counternatural,Contrary to nature.
Counterpassant,Passant in opposite directions; -- said of two animals.
Counterplead,To plead the contrary of; to plead against; to deny.
Counterplotted,of Counterplot
Counterplotting,of Counterplot
Counterpoint,An opposite point
Counterpoised,of Counterpoise
Counterpoising,of Counterpoise
Counterpole,The exact opposite.
Counterponderate,To equal in weight; to counterpoise; to equiponderate.
Counterproved,of Counterprove
Counterproving,of Counterprove
Counterrolment,A counter account. See Control.
Counterscale,Counterbalance; balance  as of one scale against another.
Countersealed,of Counterseal
Countersealing,of Counterseal
Counterseal,To seal or ratify with another or others.
Countersecure,To give additional security to or for.
Countersigned,of Countersign
Countersigning,of Countersign
Countersunk,of Countersink
Countersinking,of Countersink
Counterstand,Resistance; opposition; a stand against.
Counterstep,A contrary method of procedure; opposite course of action.
Counterstock,See Counterfoil.
Counterstroke,A stroke or blow in return.
Countersway,A swaying in a contrary direction; an opposing influence.
Countertrippant,Trippant in opposite directions. See Trippant.
Countertripping,Same as Countertrippant.
Countervailed,of Countervail
Countervailing,of Countervail
Countervallation,See Contravallation.
Counterwait,To wait or watch for; to be on guard against.
Counterweigh,To weigh against; to counterbalance.
Counter weight,A counterpoise.
Counterwheel,To cause to wheel or turn in an opposite direction.
Counterwork,To work in opposition to; to counteract.
Countesses,of Countess
Countinghouse,Alt. of Countingroom
Countless,Incapable of being counted; not ascertainable; innumerable.
Countour,Alt. of Countourhouse
Countourhouse,A merchant's office; a countinghouse.
Countre-,Same as prefix Counter-.
Countreplete,To counterplead.
Countretaille,A counter tally; correspondence (in sound).
Countrified,Having the appearance and manners of a rustic; rude.
Countrify,To give a rural appearance to; to cause to appear rustic.
Countries,of Country
Country-base,Same as Prison base.
Country-dance,See Contradance.
Countrymen,of Countryman
Countryman,An inhabitant or native of a region.
Countryside,A particular rural district; a country neighborhood.
Countrywomen,of Countrywoman
Count-wheel,The wheel in a clock which regulates the number of strokes.
Counties,of County
County,An earldom; the domain of a count or earl.
Coupable,Culpable.
Coupled,of Couple
Coupling,of Couple
Couple-beggar,One who makes it his business to marry beggars to each other.
Couple-closes,of Couple-close
Couplement,Union; combination; a coupling; a pair.
Courage,The heart; spirit; temper; disposition.
Couage,To inspire with courage.
Courageous,Possessing  or characterized by courage; brave; bold.
Courageously,In a courageous manner.
Courageousness,The quality of being courageous; courage.
Couranto,A sprightly dance; a coranto; a courant.
Courb,Curved; rounded.
Courbaril,See Anime  n.
Courlan,A South American bird  of the genus Aramus allied to the rails.
Course,The act of moving from one point to another; progress; passage.
Coursed,of Course
Coursing,of Course
Courser,One who courses or hunts.
Coursey,A space in the galley; a part of the hatches.
Courted,of Court
Courting,of Court
Courtbred,Bred  or educated at court; polished; courtly.
Court-craft,The artifices  intrigues and plottings at courts.
Courteously,In a courteous manner.
Courteousness,The quality of being courteous; politeness; courtesy.
Courtepy,A short coat of coarse cloth.
Courtesanship,Harlotry.
Courtesies,of Courtesy
Courtesy,Politeness; civility; urbanity; courtliness.
Courtesied,of Courtesy
Courtesying,of Courtesy
Courtiery,The manners of a courtier; courtliness.
Courtlike,After the manner of a court; elegant; polite; courtly.
Courtliness,The quality of being courtly; elegance or dignity of manners.
Courtling,A sycophantic courtier.
Courtly,Relating or belonging to a court.
Courts-martial,of Court-martial
Court-martialed,of Court-martial
Court-martialing,of Court-martial
Courtship,The act of paying court  with the intent to solicit a favor.
Court tennis,See under Tennis.
Courtyard,A court or inclosure attached to a house.
Couscousou,A favorite dish in Barbary. See Couscous.
Cousinage,Relationship; kinship.
Cousin-german,A first cousin. See Note under Cousin  1.
Cousinly,Like or becoming a cousin.
Cousinship,The relationship of cousins; state of being cousins; cousinhood.
Couteau,A knife; a dagger.
Couth,Could; was able; knew or known; understood.
Coved,of Cove
Coving,of Cove
Covelline,Alt. of Covellite
Covenable,Fit; proper; suitable.
Covenably,Fitly; suitably.
Covenanted,of Covenant
Covenanting,of Covenant
Covenantee,The person in whose favor a covenant is made.
Covenanter,One who makes a covenant.
Covenantor,The party who makes a covenant.
Covenous,See Covinous  and Covin.
Covent,A convent or monastery.
Coventry,A town in the county of Warwick  England.
Covered,of Cover
Covering,of Cover
Coverchief,A covering for the head.
Covercle,A small cover; a lid.
Coverer,One who  or that which covers.
Coverlet,The uppermost cover of a bed or of any piece of furniture.
Coverlid,A coverlet.
Cover-shame,Something used to conceal infamy.
Covert,Covered over; private; hid; secret; disguised.
Covert baron,Under the protection of a husband; married.
Covertly,Secretly; in private; insidiously.
Covertness,Secrecy; privacy.
Coverture,Covering; shelter; defense; hiding.
Coveting,of Covet
Covetable,That may be coveted; desirable.
Coveter,One who covets.
Covetise,Avarice.
Covetiveness,Acquisitiveness.
Covetous,Very desirous; eager to obtain; -- used in a good sense.
Covetously,In a covetous manner.
Covetousness,Strong desire.
Covinous,Deceitful; collusive; fraudulent; dishonest.
Cow,A chimney cap; a cowl
Cows,of Cow
Kine,of Cow
Cowed,of Cow
Cowing,of Cow
Cowage,See Cowhage.
Cowardie,Cowardice.
Cowardish,Cowardly.
Cowardize,To render cowardly
Cowardliness,Cowardice.
Cowardship,Cowardice.
Cowberries,of Cowberry
Cowblakes,Dried cow dung used as fuel.
Cowdie,See Kauri.
Cowered,of Cower
Cowering,of Cower
Cowfish,The grampus.
Cowhearted,Cowardly.
Cowherd,One whose occupation is to tend cows.
Cowhide,The hide of a cow.
Cowhided,of Cowhide
Cowhiding,of Cowhide
Cowish,Timorous; fearful; cowardly.
Cowitch,See Cowhage.
Cowled,Wearing a cowl; hooded; as  a cowled monk.
Cowleech,One who heals diseases of cows; a cow doctor.
Cowleeching,Healing the distemper of cows.
Cowlike,Resembling a cow.
Coworker,One who works with another; a co/perator.
Cowper's glands,Two small glands discharging into the male urethra.
Cowpock,See Cowpox.
Cowquake,A genus of plants (Briza); quaking grass.
Cowrie,Same as Kauri.
Cowries,of Cowry
Cowry,A marine shell of the genus Cypraea.
Cowslipped,Adorned with cowslips.
Cow's lungwort,Mullein.
Cowweed,Same as Cow parsley.
Cox,A coxcomb; a simpleton; a gull.
Coxa,The first joint of the leg of an insect or crustacean.
Coxalgia,Alt. of Coxalgy
Coxalgy,Pain in the hip.
Coxcombly,like a coxcomb.
Coxcombry,The manners of a coxcomb; foppishness.
Coxcomical,Coxcombical.
Coxcomically,Conceitedly.
Coxswain,See Cockswain.
Coy,Quiet; still.
Coyed,of Coy
Coying,of Coy
Coyish,Somewhat coy or reserved.
Coyly,In a coy manner; with reserve.
Coystrel,Same as Coistril.
Coz,A contraction of cousin.
Cozened,of Cozen
Cozening,of Cozen
Cozenage,The art or practice of cozening; artifice; fraud.
Cozener,One who cheats or defrauds.
Cozier,See Cosier.
Cozily,Snugly; comfortably.
Coziness,The state or quality of being cozy.
Cozy,Snug; comfortable; easy; contented.
Crabber,One who catches crabs.
Crabbing,The act or art of catching crabs.
Crabbish,Somewhat sour or cross.
Crabby,Crabbed; difficult  or perplexing.
Crabeater,The cobia.
Craber,The water rat.
Crabfaced,Having a sour  disagreeable countenance.
Crabsidle,To move sidewise  as a crab. [Jocular].
Crabstick,A stick  cane or cudgel made of the wood of the crab tree.
Crab tree,See under Crab.
Crache,To scratch.
Cracked,of Crack
Cracking,of Crack
Crack-brained,Having an impaired intellect; whimsical; crazy.
Cracker,One who  or that which cracks.
Crackleware,See Crackle  n. 3.
Cracknel,A hard brittle cake or biscuit.
Cracksmen,of Cracksman
Cracksman,A burglar.
Cracovian,Of or pertaining to Cracow in Poland.
Cracovienne,A lively Polish dance  in 2-4 time.
Cradled,of Cradle
Cradling,of Cradle
Craft,Strength; might; secret power.
Craftily,With craft; artfully; cunningly.
Craftless,Without craft or cunning.
Craftsmen,of Craftsman
Craftsmanship,The work of a craftsman.
Craftsmaster,One skilled in his craft or trade; one of superior cunning.
Crafty,Relating to  or characterized by craft or skill; dexterous.
Cradgedness,The quality or state of being cragged; cragginess.
Cragginess,The state of being craggy.
Cragsmen,of Cragsman
Craie,See Crare.
Craig flounder,The pole flounder.
Crail,A creel or osier basket.
Crake,To cry out harshly and loudly  like the bird called crake.
Crakeberry,See Crowberry.
Craker,One who boasts; a braggart.
Crammed,of Cram
Cramming,of Cram
Cramoisie,Alt. of Cramoisy
Cramoisy,Crimson.
Cramped,of Cramp
Cramping,of Cramp
Crampet,A cramp iron or cramp ring; a chape  as of a scabbard.
Cramp iron,See Cramp  n. 2.
Crampit,See Crampet.
Crampon,An a/rial rootlet for support in climbing  as of ivy.
Crampy,Affected with cramp.
Cran,Alt. of Crane
Crane,A measure for fresh herrings  -- as many as will fill a barrel.
Cranberries,of Cranberry
Cranch,See Craunch.
Craned,of Crane
Craning,of Crane
Crang,See Krang.
Cranial,Of or pertaining to the cranium.
Craniognomy,The science of the form and characteristics of the skull.
Craniological,Of or pertaining to craniology.
Craniologist,One proficient in craniology; a phrenologist.
Craniometer,An instrument for measuring the size of skulls.
Craniometric,Alt. of Craniometrical
Craniometrical,Pertaining to craniometry.
Craniometry,The art or act of measuring skulls.
Cranioscopist,One skilled in  or who practices cranioscopy.
Cranioscopy,Scientific examination of the cranium.
Craniums,of Cranium
Crankbird,A small European woodpecker (Picus minor).
Cranked,Formed with  or having a bend or crank; as a cranked axle.
Crankiness,Crankness.
Crankle,To break into bends  turns or angles; to crinkle.
Crankness,Liability to be overset; -- said of a ship or other vessel.
Cranky,Full of spirit; crank.
Crannied,Having crannies  chinks or fissures; as a crannied wall.
Crannog,Alt. of Crannoge
Crannies,of Cranny
Crannying,of Cranny
Crants,A garland carried before the bier of a maiden.
Crapaudine,Turning on pivots at the top and bottom; -- said of a door.
Craped,of Crape
Craping,of Crape
Crapefish,Salted codfish hardened by pressure.
Crapnel,A hook or drag; a grapnel.
Crapple,A claw.
Craps,A gambling game with dice.
Crapula,Alt. of Crapule
Crapule,Same as Crapulence.
Crapulence,The sickness occasioned by intemperance; surfeit.
Crapulent,Alt. of Crapulous
Crapy,Resembling crape.
Crare,A slow unwieldy trading vessel.
Crase,To break in pieces; to crack.
Crashed,of Crash
Crashing,of Crash
Craspedota,The hydroid or naked-eyed medusae. See Hydroidea.
Craspedote,Of or pertaining to the Craspedota.
Crass,Gross; thick; dense; coarse; not elaborated or refined.
Crassament,Alt. of Crassamentum
Crassiment,See Crassament.
Crassitude,Grossness; coarseness; thickness; density.
Crassness,Grossness.
Crastination,Procrastination; a putting off till to-morrow.
Cratch,A manger or open frame for hay; a crib; a rack.
Crated,of Crate
Crating,of Crate
Crateriform,Having the form of a shallow bowl; -- said of a corolla.
Craterous,Pertaining to  or resembling a crater.
Craunched,of Craunch
Craunching,of Craunch
Cravatted,Wearing a cravat.
Craved,of Crave
Craving,of Crave
Craven,Cowardly; fainthearted; spiritless.
Cravened,of Craven
Cravening,of Craven
Craver,One who craves or begs.
Craw,The crop of a bird.
Crawfish,Alt. of Crayfish
Crawled,of Crawl
Crawling,of Crawl
Crawler,One who  or that which crawls; a creeper; a reptile.
Crawly,Creepy.
Cray,Alt. of Crayer
Crayer,See Crare.
Crayoned,of Crayon
Crayoning,of Crayon
Crazed,of Craze
Crazing,of Craze
Craze,To break into pieces; to crush; to grind to powder. See Crase.
Crazedness,A broken state; decrepitude; an impaired state of the intellect.
Craze-mill,Alt. of Crazing-mill
Crazing-mill,A mill for grinding tin ore.
Crazily,In a crazy manner.
Creable,Capable of being created.
Creaght,A drove or herd.
Creaked,of Creak
Creaking,of Creak
Creamed,of Cream
Creaming,of Cream
Creamcake,A kind of cake filled with custard made of cream  eggs etc.
Cream-colored,Of the color of cream; light yellow.
Creameries,of Creamery
Cream-fruit,A plant of Sierra Leone which yields a wholesome  creamy juice.
Creaminess,The quality of being creamy.
Cream laid,See under Laid.
Cream-white,As white as cream.
Creance,Faith; belief; creed.
Creant,Creative; formative.
Crease,See Creese.
Creased,of Crease
Creasing,of Crease
Creasote,See Creosote.
Creasy,Full of creases.
Creat,An usher to a riding master.
Creatable,That may be created.
Create,Created; composed; begotten.
Created,of Create
Creating,of Create
Creational,Of or pertaining to creation.
Creative,Having the power to create; exerting the act of creation.
Creativeness,The quality of being creative.
Creatorship,State or condition of a creator.
Creatress,She who creates.
Creatrix,A creatress.
Creatural,Belonging to a creature; having the qualities of a creature.
Cratureless,Without created beings; alone.
Creaturely,Creatural; characteristic of a creature.
Creatureship,The condition of being a creature.
Creaturize,To make like a creature; to degrade
Crebricostate,Marked with closely set ribs or ridges.
Crebrisulcate,Marked with closely set transverse furrows.
Crebritude,Frequency.
Crebrous,Frequent; numerous.
Credenda,of Credendum
Credent,Believing; giving credence; credulous.
Credential,Giving a title or claim to credit or confidence; accrediting.
Credited,of Credit
Crediting,of Credit
Creditable,Worthy of belief.
Creditableness,The quality of being creditable.
Creditably,In a creditable manner; reputably; with credit.
Creditor,One who credits  believes or trusts.
Creditress,Alt. of Creditrix
Creditrix,A female creditor.
Credo,The creed  as sung or read in the Roman Catholic church.
Credulously,With credulity.
Credulousness,Readiness to believe on slight evidence; credulity.
Creedless,Without a creed.
Creekfish,The chub sucker.
Creel,An osier basket  such as anglers use.
Crept,of Creep
Crope,of Creep
Creeping,of Creep
Creeper,One who  or that which creeps; any creeping thing.
Creepie,A low stool.
Creepiness,An uneasy sensation as of insects creeping on the skin.
Creeple,A creeping creature; a reptile.
Cremaillere,An indented or zigzaged line of intrenchment.
Cremaster,A thin muscle which serves to draw up the testicle.
Cremasteric,Of or pertaining to the cremaster; as  the cremasteric artery.
Cremation,A burning; esp.  the act or practice of cremating the dead.
Cremationist,One who advocates the practice of cremation.
Cremator,One who  or that which cremates or consumes to ashes.
Crematoriums,of Crematory
Crematories,of Crematory
Crematorium,Alt. of Crematory
Cremona,A superior kind of violin  formerly made at Cremona in Italy.
Cremor,Cream; a substance resembling cream; yeast; scum.
Cremosin,See Crimson.
Crems,See Krems.
Crenate,Alt. of Crenated
Crenated,Having the margin cut into rounded teeth notches  or scallops.
Crenation,A rounded tooth on the edge of a leaf.
Crenel,See Crenelle.
Crenelated,of Crenelate
Crenelating,of Crenelate
Crenelate,To furnish with crenelles.
Crenelle,Alt. of Crenel
Crenelled,Same as Crenate.
Crengle,Alt. of Crenkle
Crenkle,See Cringle.
Crenulate,Alt. of Crenulated
Crenulated,Minutely crenate.
Crenulation,A minute crenation.
Creolean,Alt. of Creolian
Creolian,Pertaining to  or characteristic of the Creoles.
Creosoted,of Creosote
Creosoting,of Creosote
Crepance,Alt. of Crepane
Crepe,Same as Crape.
Crepitant,Having a crackling sound; crackling; rattling.
Crepitated,of Crepitate
Crepitating,of Crepitate
Crepitation,The act of crepitating or crackling.
Crepuscle,Alt. of Crepuscule
Crepuscule,Twilight.
Crepuscular,Alt. of Crepusculous
Crepusculine,Crepuscular.
Crescence,Increase; enlargement.
Crescentic,Crescent-shaped.
Crescentwise,In the form of a crescent; like a crescent.
Crescive,Increasing; growing.
Cresorcin,Same as Isorcin.
Cresses,of Cress
Cressy,Abounding in cresses.
Crested,of Crest
Cresting,of Crest
Crestfallen,With hanging head; hence  dispirited; dejected; cowed.
Crestless,Without a crest or escutcheon; of low birth.
Cresylic,Pertaining to  or derived from cresol creosote etc.
Cretaceously,In a chalky manner; as chalk.
Cretan,Pertaining to Crete  or Candia.
Crete,A Cretan
Cretian,See Cretan.
Creticism,Falsehood; lying; cretism.
Cretin,One afflicted with cretinism.
Cretinous,Having the characteristics of a cretin.
Cretism,A Cretan practice; lying; a falsehood.
Cretonne,A strong white fabric with warp of hemp and weft of flax.
Cretose,Chalky; cretaceous.
Creutzer,See Kreutzer.
Crevalle,The cavally or jurel.
Crevet,A crucible or melting pot; a cruset.
Crevis,The crawfish.
Crew,The Manx shearwater.
Crewel,Worsted yarn slackly twisted used for embroidery.
Crewet,See Cruet.
Crib,A manger or rack; a feeding place for animals.
Cribbed,of Crib
Cribbing,of Crib
Criber,Alt. of Crib-biter
Crib-biter,A horse that has the habit of cribbing.
Crib-biting,Same as Cribbing  4.
Cribble,A coarse sieve or screen.
Cribbled,of Cribble
Cribbling,of Cribble
Cribrate,Cribriform.
Cribrose,Perforated like a sieve; cribriform.
Cric,The ring which turns inward and condenses the flame of a lamp.
Crick,The creaking of a door  or a noise resembling it.
Cricketer,One who plays at cricket.
Cricothyroid,Of or pertaining both to the cricoid and the thyroid cartilages.
Cried,imp. & p. p. of Cry.
Crier,One who cries; one who makes proclamation.
Crimeful,Criminal; wicked; contrary to law  right or dury.
Crimeless,Free from crime; innocent.
Criminal,Guilty of crime or sin.
Criminalist,One versed in criminal law.
Criminally,In violation of law; wickedly.
Criminalness,Criminality.
Criminated,of Criminate
Criminating,of Criminate
Criminate,To accuse of  or charge with a crime.
Crimination,The act of accusing; accusation; charge; complaint.
Criminative,Charging with crime; accusing; criminatory.
Criminology,A treatise on crime or the criminal population.
Crimosin,See Crimson.
Crimped,of Crimp
Crimping,of Crimp
Crimper,One who  or that which crimps
Crimpled,of Crimple
Crimpling,of Crimple
Crimple,To cause to shrink or draw together; to contract; to curl.
Crimson,A deep red color tinged with blue; also  red color in general.
Crimsoned,of Crimson
Crimsoning,of Crimson
Crinal,Of or pertaining to the hair.
Crinated,Having hair; hairy.
Crinatory,Crinitory.
Crincum,A twist or bend; a turn; a whimsey.
Crincum-crancum,A twist; a whimsey or whim.
Crinel,Alt. of Crinet
Crinet,A very fine  hairlike feather.
Crnged,of Cringe
Cringing,of Cringe
Cringeling,One who cringes meanly; a fawner.
Cringer,One who cringes.
Cringingly,In a cringing manner.
Cringle,A withe for fastening a gate.
Crinicultural,Relating to the growth of hair.
Crinigerous,Bearing hair; hairy.
Crinital,Same as Crinite  1.
Crinitory,Of or relating to hair; as  a crinitory covering.
Crinkled,of Crinkle
Crinkling,of Crinkle
Crinkly,Having crinkles; wavy; wrinkly.
Crinoid,Crinoidal.
Crinoidean,One of the Crinoidea.
Crinose,Hairy.
Crinosity,Hairiness.
Criosphinx,A sphinx with the head of a ram.
Crippled,of Cripple
Crippling,of Cripple
Crippleness,Lameness.
Crippler,A wooden tool used in graining leather.
Cripply,Lame; disabled; in a crippled condition.
Crises,of Crisis
Crisp,Curling in stiff curls or ringlets; as  crisp hair.
Crisped,of Crisp
Crisping,of Crisp
Crispate,Alt. of Crispated
Crispated,Having a crisped appearance; irregularly curled or twisted.
Crispation,The act or process of curling  or the state of being curled.
Crispature,The state of being crispate.
Crisply,In a crisp manner.
Crispness,The state or quality of being crisp.
Crissal,Pertaining to the crissum; as  crissal feathers.
Crisscross-row,See Christcross-row.
Crissa,of Crissum
Cristate,Crested.
Criteria,of Criterion
Criterions,of Criterion
Criticaster,A contemptible or vicious critic.
Criticisable,Capable of being criticised.
Criticised,of Criticise
Criticising,of Criticise
Criticiser,One who criticises; a critic.
Critique,The art of criticism.
Croaked,of Croak
Croaking,of Croak
Croatian,Of or pertaining to Croatia.
Croceous,Of  pertaining to or like saffron; deep reddish yellow.
Croche,A little bud or knob at the top of a deer's antler.
Crocheted,of Crochet
Crocheting,of Crochet
Crociary,One who carries the cross before an archbishop.
Crocked,of Crock
Crocking,of Crock
Crocker,A potter.
Crocketed,Ornamented with crockets.
Crocketing,Ornamentation with crockets.
Crocky,Smutty.
Crocodility,A caption or sophistical mode of arguing.
Crocoisite,Same as Crocoite.
Croconate,A salt formed by the union of croconic acid with a base.
Croft,A small  inclosed field adjoining a house; a small farm.
Crefting,Croftland.
Croftland,Land of superior quality  on which successive crops are raised.
Crois,See Cross  n.
Croisade,Alt. of Croisado
Croisado,A holy war; a crusade.
Croise,A pilgrim bearing or wearing a cross.
Croker,A cultivator of saffron; a dealer in saffron.
Croma,A quaver.
Crone,An old ewe.
Cronel,The iron head of a tilting spear.
Cronet,The coronet of a horse.
Cronian,Saturnian; -- applied to the North Polar Sea.
Cronies,of Crony
Crony,A crone.
Crook,A bend  turn or curve; curvature; flexure.
Crooked,of Crook
Crooking,of Crook
Crookack,Hunched.
Crookedly,In a curved or crooked manner; in a perverse or untoward manner.
Crooken,To make crooked.
Croon,To make a continuous hollow moan  as cattle do when in pain.
Crooned,of Croon
Crooning,of Croon
Cropped,of Crop
Cropping,of Crop
Crop-ear,A person or animal whose ears are cropped.
Crop-eared,Having the ears cropped.
Cropful,Having a full crop or belly; satiated.
Cropper,One that crops.
Cropsick,Sick from excess in eating or drinking.
Crop-tailed,Having the tail cropped.
Croqueted,of Croquet
Croqueting,of Croquet
Crore,Ten millions; as  a crore of rupees (which is nearly $5 0 000).
Crosiered,Bearing a crosier.
Croslet,See Crosslet.
Crossed,of Cross
Crossing,of Cross
Cross-armed,With arms crossed.
Crossbarred,Secured by  or furnished with crossbars.
Crossbeak,Same as Crossbill.
Crossbeam,A girder.
Crossbite,A deception; a cheat.
Crossbower,A crossbowman.
Crossbowman,One who shoots with a crossbow. See Arbalest.
Crossbred,Produced by mixing distinct breeds; mongrel.
Crosscut,To cut across or through; to intersect.
Cross-days,The three days preceding the Feast of the Ascension.
Cross-examined,of Cross-examine
Cross-examining,of Cross-examine
Cross-examiner,One who cross-examines or conducts a crosse-examination.
Cross-eye,See Strabismus.
Cross-eyed,Affected with strabismus; squint-eyed; squinting.
Crossfish,A starfish.
Crossflow,To flow across  or in a contrary direction.
Crossnath,To shade by means of crosshatching.
Crossjack,The lowest square sail  or the lower yard of the mizzenmast.
CRosslegged,Having the legs crossed.
Crosslet,A small cross.
Crossopterygian,Of or pertaining to the Crossopterygii.
Crosspatch,An ill-natured person.
Cross-pawl,Same as Cross-spale.
Crosspiece,A piece of any structure which is fitted or framed crosswise.
Cross-questioned,of Cross-question
Cross-questioning,of Cross-question
Cross-question,To cross-examine; to subject to close questioning.
Crossrow,The alphabet; -- called also Christcross-row.
Cross-spale,Alt. of Cross-spall
Cross-stone,See Harmotome  and Staurotide.
Cross-tining,A mode of harrowing crosswise  or transversely to the ridges.
Crossway,See Crossroad.
Cross-week,Rogation week  when the cross was borne in processions.
Crosswise,In the form of a cross; across; transversely.
Crotalaria,A genus of leguminous plants; rattlebox.
Crotalo,A Turkish musical instrument.
Crotalum,A kind of castanet used by the Corybantes.
Crotalus,A genus of poisonous serpents  including the rattlesnakes.
Crotaphite,The temple or temporal fossa. Also used adjectively.
Crotaphitic,Pertaining to the temple; temporal.
Crotches,of Crotch
Crotched,Having a crotch; forked.
Crotchet,A forked support; a crotch.
Crotcheted,Marked or measured by crotchets; having musical notation.
Crotchetiness,The state or character of being crotchety  or whimsical.
Crotchety,Given to crotchets; subject to whims; as  a crotchety man.
Crottles,A name given to various lichens gathered for dyeing.
Crouched,of Crouch
Crouching,of Crouch
Croud,See Crowd  a violin.
Crouke,A crock; a jar.
Croupal,Croupy.
Crouper,See Crupper.
Croupier,One who presides at a gaming table and collects the stakes.
Crouse,Brisk; lively; bold; self-complacent.
Croustade,Bread baked in a mold  and scooped out to serve minces upon.
Crout,See Sourkrout.
Crowed,of Crow
Crown,of Crow
Crowing,of Crow
Crowbar,A bar of iron sharpened at one end  and used as a lever.
Crowded,of Crowd
Crowding,of Crowd
Crowd,To push  to press to shove.
Crowder,One who plays on a crowd; a fiddler.
Crowkeeper,A person employed to scare off crows; hence  a scarecrow.
Crowned,of Crown
Crowning,of Crown
Crowner,One who  or that which crowns.
Crownet,A coronet.
Crownless,Without a crown.
Crownlet,A coronet.
Crownpiece,A piece or part which passes over the head  as in a bridle.
Crown-post,Same as King-post.
Crown side,See Crown office.
Crow-quill,A quill of the crow  or a very fine pen made from such a quill.
Crow's-feet,of Crow's-foot
Crowstep,See Corriestep.
Crowstone,The top stone of the gable end of a house.
Crowth,An ancient musical instrument. See 4th Crowd.
Crowtoe,The Lotus corniculatus.
Crow-trodden,Marked with crow's-feet  or wrinkles about the eyes.
Croylstone,Crystallized cawk  in which the crystals are small.
Croys,See Cross  n.
Crozier,See Crosier.
Croziered,Crosiered.
Cruciate,Tormented.
Cruciation,The act of torturing; torture; torment.
Crucifer,Any plant of the order Cruciferae.
Cruciferous,Bearing a cross.
Crucifixes,of Crucifix
Crucified,of Crucify
Crucifying,of Crucify
Crucigerous,Bearing the cross; marked with the figure of a cross.
Crud,See Curd.
Cruddle,To curdle.
Crudely,In a crude  immature manner.
Crudities,of Crudity
Crudity,The condition of being crude; rawness.
Crudle,See Cruddle.
Crudy,Coagulated.
Cruel,See Crewel.
Cruelly,In a cruel manner.
Cruelness,Cruelty.
Cruels,Glandular scrofulous swellings in the neck.
Cruelties,of Cruelty
Cruentate,Smeared with blood.
Cruentous,Bloody; cruentate.
Cruise,See Cruse  a small bottle.
Cruised,of Cruise
Cruising,of Cruise
Cruiser,One who  or a vessel that cruises; -- usually an armed vessel.
Cruive,A kind of weir or dam for trapping salmon; also  a hovel.
Crull,Curly; curled.
Crumbed,of Crumb
Crumbing,of Crumb
Crumbled,of Crumble
Crumbling,of Crumble
Crumble,To break into small pieces; to cause to fall in pieces.
Crumbly,EAsily crumbled; friable; brittle.
Crumenal,A purse.
Crummable,Capable of being crumbed or broken into small pieces.
Crummy,Full of crumb or crumbs.
Crump,Crooked; bent.
Crumpled,of Crumple
Crumpling,of Crumple
Crumpy,Brittle; crisp.
Crunched,of Crunch
Crunching,of Crunch
Crunch,To chew with force and noise; to craunch.
Crunk,Alt. of Crunkle
Crunkle,To cry like a crane.
Crunodal,Possessing  or characterized by a crunode; -- used of curves.
Crup,Short; brittle; as  crup cake.
Crupper,The buttocks or rump of a horse.
Crura,See Crus.
Crusaded,of Crusade
Crusading,of Crusade
Crusader,One engaged in a crusade; as  the crusaders of the Middle Ages.
Crusado,An old Portuguese coin  worth about seventy cents.
Cruse,A cup or dish.
Cruset,A goldsmith's crucible or melting pot.
Crushed,of Crush
Crushing,of Crush
Crusher,One who  or that which crushes.
Crusted,of Crust
Crusting,of Crust
Crusta,A crust or shell.
Crustacean,Of or pertaining to the Crustacea; crustaceous.
Crustaceological,Pertaining to crustaceology.
Crustaceologist,One versed in crustaceology; a crustalogist.
Crustal,Relating to a crust.
Crustalogical,Pertaining to crustalogy.
Crustalogist,One versed in crustalogy.
Crustalogy,Crustaceology.
Crustated,Covered with a crust; as  crustated basalt.
Crustation,An adherent crust; an incrustation.
Crustific,Producing or forming a crust or skin.
Crustily,In a crusty or surly manner; morosely.
Crut,The rough  shaggy part of oak bark.
Crutches,of Crutch
Crutched,Supported upon crutches.
Cruth,See 4th Crowd.
Cruxes,of Crux
Cruces,of Crux
Crux,Anything that is very puzzling or difficult to explain.
Cruzado,A coin. See Crusado.
Crwth,See 4th Crowd.
Crying,of Cry
Cries,of Cry
Cryal,The heron
Cryer,The female of the hawk; a falcon-gentil.
Cryptal,Of or pertaining to crypts.
Cryptic,Alt. of Cryptical
Cryptical,Hidden; secret; occult.
Cryptically,Secretly; occultly.
Cryptobranchiata,A division of the Amphibia; the Derotremata.
Cryptobranchiate,Having concealed or rudimentary gills.
Cryptogam,A plant belonging to the Cryptogamia.
Cryptogamiae,of Cryptogamia
Cryptogamian,Alt. of Cryptogamous
Cryptogamic,Alt. of Cryptogamous
Cryptogamist,One skilled in cryptogamic botany.
Cryptogram,A cipher writing. Same as Cryptograph.
Cryptograph,Cipher; something written in cipher.
Cryptographal,Pertaining to cryptography; cryptographical.
Cryptographer,One who writes in cipher  or secret characters.
Cryptographic,Alt. of Cryptographical
Cryptographist,Same as Cryptographer.
Cryptology,Secret or enigmatical language.
Crystallin,See Gobulin.
Crystalline,Consisting  or made of crystal.
Crystallizable,Capable of being crystallized; that may be formed into crystals.
Crystallized,of Crystallize
Crystallizing,of Crystallize
Crystallize,To cause to form crystals  or to assume the crystalline form.
Crystallogenic,Alt. of Crystallogenical
Crystallogeny,The science which pertains to the production of crystals.
Crystallographic,Alt. of Crystallographical
Crystallographical,Pertaining to crystallography.
Crystallographically,In the manner of crystallography.
Crystalloid,Crystal-like; transparent like crystal.
Cristallology,The science of the crystalline structure of inorganic bodies.
Crystallometry,The art of measuring crystals.
Crystallurgy,Crystallization.
Ctenocyst,An organ of the Ctenophora  supposed to be sensory.
Ctenoid,Having a comblike margin  as a ctenoid scale
Ctenoidean,Relating to the Ctenoidei.
Ctenophore,One of the Ctenophora.
Ctenophoric,Alt. of Ctenophorous
Ctenophorous,Of or pertaining to the Ctenophora.
Cub,A young animal  esp. the young of the bear.
Cubbed,of Cub
Cubbing,of Cub
Cuban,Of or pertaining to Cuba or its inhabitants.
Cubation,The act of lying down; a reclining.
Cubatory,Lying down; recumbent.
Cubbridge-head,A bulkhead on the forecastle and half deck of a ship.
Cubby,Alt. of Cubbyhole
Cubbyhole,A snug or confined place.
Cubdrawn,Sucked by cubs.
Cube,A regular solid body  with six equal square sides.
Cubed,of Cube
Cubing,of Cube
Cubhood,The state of being a cub.
Cubic,Alt. of Cubical
Cubically,In a cubical method.
Cubicalness,The quality of being cubical.
Cubicular,Belonging to a chamber or bedroom.
Cubiform,Of the form of a cube.
Cubile,The lowest course of stones in a building.
Cubited,Having the measure of a cubit.
Cubless,Having no cubs.
Cuboid,Cube-shaped  or nearly so; as the cuboid bone of the foot.
Cuboidal,Cuboid.
Cubo-octahedral,Presenting a combination of a cube and an octahedron.
Cuca,See Coca.
Cuckold,A man whose wife is unfaithful; the husband of an adulteress.
Cuckolded,of Cuckold
Cuckolding,of Cuckold
Cuckoldize,To cuckold.
Cuckoldly,Having the qualities of a cuckold; mean-spirited; sneaking.
Cuckoldom,The state of a cuckold; cuckolds  collectively.
Cuckoldry,The state of being a cuckold; the practice of making cuckolds.
Cucquean,A woman whose husband is unfaithful to her.
Cucujo,The fire beetle of Mexico and the West Indies.
Cucullate,Alt. of Cucullated
Cucullated,Hooded; cowled; covered  as with a hood.
Cuculoid,Like or belonging to the cuckoos (Cuculidae).
Cucurbit,Alt. of Cucurbite
Cudden,A clown; a low rustic; a dolt.
Cuddled,of Cuddle
Cuddling,of Cuddle
Cuddle,To lie close or snug; to crouch; to nestle.
Cuddy,An ass; esp.  one driven by a huckster or greengrocer.
Cudgeled,of Cudgel
Cudgelled,of Cudgel
Cudgeling,of Cudgel
Cudgelling,of Cudgel
Cudgeler,One who beats with a cudgel.
Cuerpo,The body.
Cuffed,of Cuff
Cuffing,of Cuff
Cuffy,A name for a negro.
Cufic,Of or pertaining to the older characters of the Arabic language.
Cuirasses,of Cuirass
Cuirassed,Wearing a cuirass.
Cuirassier,A soldier armed with a cuirass.
Cuish,Defensive armor for the thighs.
Cuisine,The kitchen or cooking department.
Culasse,The lower faceted portion of a brilliant-cut diamond.
Culs-de-sac,of Cul-de-sac
Culerage,See Culrage.
Culex,A genus of dipterous insects  including the gnat and mosquito.
Culiciform,Gnat-shaped.
Culled,of Cull
Culling,of Cull
Cullender,A strainer. See Colander.
Cullet,Broken glass for remelting.
Cullibility,Gullibility.
Cullible,Easily deceived; gullible.
Cullion,A mean wretch; a base fellow; a poltroon; a scullion.
Cullionly,Mean; base.
Cullises,of Cullis
Culls,Refuse timber  from which the best part has been culled out.
Cullies,of Cully
Cullyism,The state of being a cully.
Culmen,Top; summit; acme.
Culmiferous,Having jointed stems or culms.
Culminal,Pertaining to a culmen.
Culminated,of Culminate
Culminating,of Culminate
Culpabilities,of Culpability
Culpability,The state of being culpable.
Culpable,Deserving censure; worthy of blame; faulty; immoral; criminal.
Culpatory,Expressing blame; censuring; reprehensory; inculpating.
Culpe,Blameworthiness.
Culpon,A shred; a fragment; a strip of wood.
Culprit,One accused of  or arraigned for a crime as before a judge.
Culrage,Smartweed (Polygonum Hydropiper).
Cult,Attentive care; homage; worship.
Culter,A colter. See Colter.
Cultirostres,A tribe of wading birds including the stork  heron crane etc.
Cultivable,Capable of being cultivated or tilled.
Cultivatable,Cultivable.
Cultivated,of Cultivate
Cultivating,of Cultivate
Cultrate,Alt. of Cultrated
Cultriform,Shaped like a pruning knife; cultrate.
Cultural,Of or pertaining to culture.
Cultured,of Culture
Culturing,of Culture
Cultureless,Having no culture.
Culturist,A cultivator.
Cultuses,of Cultus
Cultus cod,See Cod  and Buffalo cod under Buffalo.
Culver,A dove.
Culverhouse,A dovecote.
Culverkey,A bunch of the keys or samaras of the ash tree.
Culvertail,Dovetail.
Culvertailed,United or fastened by a dovetailed joint.
Cumacea,An order of marine Crustacea  mostly of small size.
Cumbent,Lying down; recumbent.
Cumbered,of Cumber
Cumbering,of Cumber
Cumbrance,Encumbrance.
Cumfrey,See Comfrey.
Cumic,See Cuming.
Cuminil,A substance  analogous to benzil obtained from oil of caraway.
Cummin,Same as Cumin.
Cumu-cirro-stratus,Nimbus  or rain cloud. See Nimbus and Cloud.
Cumulated,of Cumulate
Cumulating,of Cumulate
Cumulate,To gather or throw into a heap; to heap together; to accumulate.
Cumulation,The act of heaping together; a heap. See Accumulation.
Cumulatist,One who accumulates; one who collects.
Cumulative,Composed of parts in a heap; forming a mass; aggregated.
Cumulose,Full of heaps.
Cumulostratus,A form of cloud. See Cloud.
Cumuli,of Cumulus
Cumulus,One of the four principal forms of clouds. SeeCloud.
Cun,To con (a ship).
Cunctation,Delay; procrastination.
Cunctative,Slow; tardy; dilatory; causing delay.
Cunctator,One who delays or lingers.
Cunctipotent,All-powerful; omnipotent.
Cund,To con (a ship).
Cuneal,Relating to a wedge; wedge-shaped.
Cuneate,Alt. of Cuneated
Cuneated,Wedge-shaped
Cuneatic,Cuneiform.
Cuneiform,Alt. of Cuniform
Cunette,A drain trench  in a ditch or moat; -- called also cuvette.
Cunning,Knowing; skillful; dexterous.
Cunningly,In a cunning manner; with cunning.
Cunningman,A fortune teller; one who pretends to reveal mysteries.
Cunningness,Quality of being cunning; craft.
Cupped,of Cup
Cupping,of Cup
Cupboard,A board or shelf for cups and dishes.
Cupelled,of Cupel
Cupelling,of Cupel
Cupellation,The act or process of refining gold or silver  etc. in a cupel.
Cupfuls,of Cupful
Cupful,As much as a cup will hold.
Cup-gall,A kind of oak-leaf gall. See Gall.
Cupidity,A passionate desire; love.
Cup-moss,A kind of lichen  of the genus Cladonia.
Cupolas,of Cupola
Cupper,One who performs the operation of cupping.
Cupreous,Consisting of copper or resembling copper; coppery.
Cupriferous,Containing copper; as  cupriferous silver.
Cup-rose,Red poppy. See Cop-rose.
Cuprum,Copper.
Cupulate,Having or bearing cupules; cupuliferous.
Cur,A mongrel or inferior dog.
Curability,The state of being curable; curableness.
Curable,Capable of being cured; admitting remedy.
Curacao,Alt. of Curacoa
Curacies,of Curacy
Curacy,The office or employment of a curate.
Curare,Alt. of Curari
Curarize,To poison with curare.
Curat,A cuirass or breastplate.
Curateship,A curacy.
Curation,Cure; healing.
Curatorship,The office of a curator.
Curatrix,A woman who cures.
Curbed,of Curb
Curbing,of Curb
Curb,To bend or curve
Curbless,Having no curb or restraint.
Curch,See Courche.
Curculios,of Curculio
Curculionidous,Pertaining to the Curculionideae  or weevil tribe.
Curded,of Curd
Curding,of Curd
Curdiness,The state of being curdy.
Curdled,of Curdle
Curdling,of Curdle
Curdless,Destitute of curd.
Curdy,Like curd; full of curd; coagulated.
Cure,Care  heed or attention.
Cured,of Cure
Curing,of Cure
Cureall,A remedy for all diseases  or for all ills; a panacea.
Cureless,Incapable of cure; incurable.
Curer,One who cures; a healer; a physician.
Curle,of Curia
Curialist,One who belongs to the ultramontane party in the Latin Church.
Curialistic,Pertaining to a court.
Curiality,The privileges  prerogatives or retinue of a court.
Curiet,A cuirass.
Curios,of Curio
Curio,Any curiosity or article of virtu.
Curiosities,of Curiosity
Curiosos,of Curioso
Curioso,A virtuoso.
Curiously,In a curious manner.
Curiousness,Carefulness; painstaking.
Curled,of Curl
Curling,of Curl
Curl,To twist or form into ringlets; to crisp  as the hair.
Curledness,State of being curled; curliness.
Curler,One who  or that which curls.
Curliness,State of being curly.
Curlingly,With a curl  or curls.
Curmudgeon,An avaricious  grasping fellow; a miser; a niggard; a churl.
Curr,To coo.
Currencies,of Currency
Current,Running or moving rapidly.
Curricle,A small or short course.
Curriculums,of Curriculum
Curricula,of Curriculum
Curriculum,A race course; a place for running.
Currie,See 2d & 3d Curry.
Curried,Dressed by currying; cleaned; prepared.
Currier,One who curries and dresses leather  after it is tanned.
Currying,of Curry
Cursed,of Curse
Curst,of Curse
Cursing,of Curse
Curser,One who curses.
Curship,The state of being a cur; one who is currish.
Cursitating,Moving about slightly.
Cursitor,A courier or runner.
Cursive,Running; flowing.
Cursorary,Cursory; hasty.
Cursorily,In a running or hasty manner; carelessly.
Cursory,Running about; not stationary.
Curstfully,Peevishly; vexatiously; detestably.
Curstness,Peevishness; malignity; frowardness; crabbedness; surliness.
Curtailed,of Curtail
Curtailing,of Curtail
Curtailer,One who curtails.
Curtailment,The act or result of curtailing or cutting off.
Curtained,of Curtain
Curtaining,of Curtain
Curtal,Curt; brief; laconic.
Curtal ax,Alt. of Curtelasse
Curtle ax,Alt. of Curtelasse
Curtelasse,A corruption of Cutlass.
Curtal friar,A friar who acted as porter at the gate of a monastery.
Curtein,Same as Curtana.
Curtes,Courteous.
Curtesies,of Curtesy
Curtly,In a curt manner.
Curtness,The quality of bing curt.
Curtsy,Same as Courtesy  an act of respect.
Curule,Of or pertaining to a chariot.
Cururo,A Chilian burrowing rodent of the genus Spalacopus.
Curval,Alt. of Curvant
Curvant,Bowed; bent; curved.
Curvate,Alt. of Curvated
Curvated,Bent in a regular form; curved.
Curvation,The act of bending or crooking.
Curvative,Having the margins only a little curved; -- said of leaves.
Curved,of Curve
Curving,of Curve
Curvedness,The state of being curved.
Curveted,of Curvet
Curveting,of Curvet
Curvicaudate,Having a curved or crooked tail.
Curvicostate,Having bent ribs.
Curvidentate,Having curved teeth.
Curviform,Having a curved form.
Curvilinead,An instrument for drawing curved lines.
Curvilineal,Alt. of Curvilinear
Curvilinearly,In a curvilinear manner.
Curvirostral,Having a crooked beak  as the crossbill.
Curviserial,Distributed in a curved line  as leaves along a stem.
Curvograph,An arcograph.
Cushat,The ringdove or wood pigeon.
Cushewbird,The galeated curassow. See Curassow.
Cushioned,of Cushion
Cushioning,of Cushion
Cushionet,A little cushion.
Cushionless,Hot furnished with a cushion.
Cushiony,Like a cushion; soft; pliable.
Cushite,A descendant of Cush  the son of Ham and grandson of Noah.
Cuskin,A kind of drinking cup.
Cusped,of Cusp
Cusping,of Cusp
Cuspated,Ending in a point.
Cuspidal,Ending in a point.
Cuspidate,To make pointed or sharp.
Cuspis,A point; a sharp end.
Custard,A mixture of milk and eggs  sweetened and baked or boiled.
Custode,See Custodian.
Custodial,Relating to custody or guardianship.
Custodianship,Office or duty of a custodian.
Custodier,A custodian.
Customable,Customary.
Customableness,Quality of being customable; conformity to custom.
Customably,Usually.
Customarily,In a customary manner; habitually.
Customariness,Quality of being customary.
Customer,One who collect customs; a toll gatherer.
Custodes,of Custos
Custos,A keeper; a custodian; a superintendent.
Custrel,An armor-bearer to a knight.
Custumary,See Customary.
Cut,of Cut
Cutting,of Cut
Cutch,See Catechu.
Cutchery,A hindoo hall of justice.
Cute,Clever; sharp; shrewd; ingenious; cunning.
Cuteness,Acuteness; cunning.
Cuticle,The scarfskin or epidermis. See Skin.
Cutinize,To change into cutin.
Cutis,See Dermis.
Cutlasses,of Cutlass
Cutlass,A short  heavy curving sword used in the navy. See Curtal ax.
Cutlery,The business of a cutler.
Cutlet,A piece of meat  especially of veal or mutton cut for broiling.
Cutling,The art of making edged tools or cutlery.
Cut-off,That which cuts off or shortens  as a nearer passage or road.
Cutthroat,One who cuts throats; a murderer; an assassin.
Cuttingly,In a cutting manner.
Cuttle,A knife.
Cytty,Short; as  a cutty knife; a cutty sark.
Cutty,A short spoon.
Cuttystool,A low stool
Cutwal,The chief police officer of a large city.
Cutwater,The fore part of a ship's prow  which cuts the water.
Cyanate,A salt of cyanic acid.
Cyanaurate,See Aurocyanide.
Cyanean,Having an azure color.
Cyanic,Pertaining to  or containing cyanogen.
Cyanometer,An instrument for measuring degress of blueness.
Cyanosite,Native sulphate of copper. Cf. Blue vitriol  under Blue.
Cyanotype,A photographic picture obtained by the use of a cyanide.
Cyanurate,A salt of cyanuric acid.
Cyanuret,A cyanide.
Cyanuric,Pertaining to  or derived from cyanic and uric acids.
Cyathiform,In the form of a cup  a little widened at the top.
Cyathophylloid,Like  or pertaining to the family Cyathophyllidae.
Cycad,Any plant of the natural order Cycadaceae  as the sago palm etc.
Cycled,of Cycle
Cycling,of Cycle
Cyclic,Alt. of Cyclical
Cyclist,A cycler.
Cyclo-,A combining form meaning circular  of a circle or wheel.
Cycloganoid,Of or pertaining to the Cycloganoidei.
Cyclograph,See Arcograph.
Cycloidian,Same as 2d and 3d Cycloid.
Cyclometry,The art of measuring circles.
Cyclonic,Pertaining to a cyclone.
Cyclop,See Note under Cyclops  1.
Cyclopedia,Alt. of Cyclopaedia
Cyclopedist,A maker of  or writer for a cyclopedia.
Cyclopic,Pertaining to the Cyclops; Cyclopean.
Cyclostomata,Alt. of Cyclostoma
Cyclostome,Alt. of Cyclostomous
Cyclostomous,Pertaining to the Cyclostomi.
Cyder,See Cider.
Cygnet,A young swan.
Cylindraceous,Cylindrical  or approaching a cylindrical form.
Cylindric,Alt. of Cylindrical
Cylindrically,In the manner or shape of a cylinder; so as to be cylindrical.
Cylindricity,The quality or condition of being cylindrical.
Cylindriform,Having the form of a cylinder.
Cylindrometric,Belonging to a scale used in measuring cylinders.
Cymar,A slight covering; a scarf. See Simar.
Cymatium,A capping or crowning molding in classic architecture.
Cymbalist,A performer upon cymbals.
Cymbium,A genus of marine univalve shells; the gondola.
Cymenol,See Carvacrol.
Cymidine,A liquid organic base  C10H13.NH2 derived from cymene.
Cymiferous,Producing cymes.
Cymling,Alt. of Cymbling
Cymbling,A scalloped or pattypan variety of summer squash.
Cymoid,Having the form of a cyme.
Cymophane,See Chrysoberyl.
Cymophanous,Having a wavy  floating light; opalescent; chatoyant.
Cymose,Alt. of Cymous
Cymric,Welsh.
Cymule,A small cyme  or one of very few flowers.
Cynarctomachy,Bear baiting with a dog.
Cynegetics,The art of hunting with dogs.
Cynic,Alt. of Cynical
Cynically,In a cynical manner.
Cynicalness,The quality of being cynical.
Cynoidea,A division of Carnivora  including the dogs wolves and foxes.
Cynorexia,A voracious appetite  like that of a starved dog.
Cynosural,Of or pertaining to a cynosure.
Cyon,See Cion  and Scion.
Cypher,See Cipher.
Cyphonautes,The free-swimming  bivalve larva of certain Bryozoa.
Cypraea,A genus of mollusks  including the cowries. See Cowrie.
Cypresses,of Cypress
Cyprian,Belonging to Cyprus.
Cyprine,Of or pertaining to the cypress.
Cyprinoid,Like the carp (Cyprinus).
Cypriot,A native or inhabitant of Cyprus.
Cypripedium,A genus of orchidaceous plants including the lady's slipper.
Cyprides,of Cypris
Cypruslawn,Same as Cyprus.
Cypseliform,Like or belonging to the swifts (Cypselidae.)
Cyrenian,Pertaining to Cyrene  in Africa; Cyrenaic.
Cyriologic,Relating to capital letters.
Cyrtostyle,A circular projecting portion.
Cysted,Inclosed in a cyst.
Cystic,Having the form of  or living in a cyst; as the cystic entozoa.
Cysticerce,Alt. of Cysticercus
Cysticule,An appendage of the vestibular ear sac of fishes.
Cystid,One of the Cystidea.
Cystidean,One of the Cystidea.
Cystis,A cyst. See Cyst.
Cystitis,Inflammation of the bladder.
Cystocele,Hernia in which the urinary bladder protrudes; vesical hernia.
Cystoid,Alt. of Cystoidean
Cystoidean,Same as Cystidean.
Cystoidea,Same as Cystidea.
Cystolithic,Relating to stone in the bladder.
Cystose,Containing  or resembling a cyst or cysts; cystic; bladdery.
Cystotome,A knife or instrument used in cystotomy.
Cytherean,Pertaining to the goddess Venus.
Cytoblastema,See Protoplasm.
Cytococci,of Cytococcus
Cytococcus,The nucleus of the cytula or parent cell.
Cytogenic,Alt. of Cytogenetic
Cytogenetic,Of or pertaining to cytogenesis or cell development.
Cytogeny,Cell production or development; cytogenesis.
Czar,A king; a chief; the title of the emperor of Russia.
Czarevna,The title of the wife of the czarowitz.
Czarina,The title of the empress of Russia.
Czarinian,Of or pertaining to the czar or the czarina; czarish.
Czarish,Of or pertaining to the czar.
Czarowitzes,of Czarowitz
Czarowitz,The title of the eldest son of the czar of Russia.
Czech,One of the Czechs.
Czechic,Of or pertaining to the Czechs.
Dab,A skillful hand; a dabster; an expert.
Dabbed,of Dab
Dabbing,of Dab
Dabbled,of Dabble
Dabbling,of Dabble
Dabbler,One who dabbles.
Dabblingly,In a dabbling manner.
Daboia,A large and highly venomous Asiatic viper (Daboia xanthica).
Dacian,Of or pertaining to Dacia or the Dacians.
Dacoit,One of a class of robbers  in India who act in gangs.
Dacotahs,Same as Dacotas.
Dactylar,Pertaining to dactyl; dactylic.
Dactylet,A dactyl.
Dactylioglyph,An engraver of gems for rings and other ornaments.
Dactylioglyphi,The art or process of gem engraving.
Dactyliography,The art of writing or engraving upon gems.
Dactyliology,That branch of archaeology which has to do with gem engraving.
Dactyliomancy,Divination by means of finger rings.
Dactylist,A writer of dactylic verse.
Dactylitis,An inflammatory affection of the fingers.
Dactylomancy,Dactyliomancy.
Dactylonomy,The art of numbering or counting by the fingers.
Dactylotheca,The scaly covering of the toes  as in birds.
Dad,Father; -- a word sometimes used by children.
Daddled,of Dadle
Daddling,of Dadle
Daddock,The rotten body of a tree.
Daddy,Diminutive of Dad.
Dadoes,of Dado
Daedal,Alt. of Daedalian
Daedalous,Having a variously cut or incised margin; -- said of leaves.
Daemon,Alt. of Daemonic
Daemonic,See Demon  Demonic.
Daff,To cast aside; to put off; to doff.
Daffodil,A plant of the genus Asphodelus.
Daftness,The quality of being daft.
Dag,A dagger; a poniard.
Daggled,of Daggle
Daggling,of Daggle
Daggle-tail,Alt. of Daggle-tailed
Daglock,A dirty or clotted lock of wool on a sheep; a taglock.
Dagos,of Dago
Dagswain,A coarse woolen fabric made of daglocks  or the refuse of wool.
Dag-tailed,Daggle-tailed; having the tail clogged with daglocks.
Daguerrean,Alt. of Daguerreian
Daguerreotyped,of Daguerreotype
Daguerreotyping,of Daguerreotype
Daguerreotyper,Alt. of Daguerreotypist
Daguerreotypist,One who takes daguerreotypes.
Daguerreotypy,The art or process of producing pictures by method of Daguerre.
Dahlias,of Dahlia
Dailiness,Daily occurence.
Dailies,of Daily
Daimios,of Daimio
Daimio,The title of the feudal nobles of Japan.
Daint,Something of exquisite taste; a dainty.
Daintified,of Daintify
Daintifying,of Daintify
Daintify,To render dainty  delicate or fastidious.
Daintrel,Adelicacy.
Dainties,of Dainty
Dairies,of Dairy
Dairying,The business of conducting a dairy.
Dairymaid,A female servant whose business is the care of the dairy.
Dairymen,of Dairyman
Dairyman,A man who keeps or takes care of a dairy.
Dairywomen,of Dairywoman
Dairywoman,A woman who attends to a dairy.
Daisied,Full of daisies; adorned with daisies.
Daisies,of Daisy
Daker,Alt. of Dakir
Daker hen,The corncrake or land rail.
Dakoit,Alt. of Dakoity
Dakoity,See Dacoit  Dacoity.
Dal,Split pulse  esp. of Cajanus Indicus.
Dale,A low place between hills; a vale or valley.
Dalesmen,of Dalesman
Dalf,imp. of Delve.
Dallier,One who fondles; a trifler; as  dalliers with pleasant words.
Dallop,A tuft or clump.
Dallied,of Dally
Dallying,of Dally
Dalmanites,Same as Dalmania.
Dalmatian,Of or pertaining to Dalmatia.
Dalmatica,Alt. of Dalmatic
Daltonian,One afflicted with color blindness.
Dammed,of Dam
Damming,of Dam
Damages,of Damage
Damaging,of Damage
Damage feasant,Doing injury; trespassing  as cattle.
Damar,See Dammar.
Damascene,Of or relating to Damascus.
Damascus,A city of Syria.
Damasked,of Damask
Damasking,of Damask
Damaskeen,Alt. of Damasken
Damaskin,A sword of Damask steel.
Damasse,Woven like damask.
Damassin,A kind of modified damask or brocade.
Dambose,A crystalline variety of fruit sugar obtained from dambonite.
Damiana,A Mexican drug  used as an aphrodisiac.
Dammar,Alt. of Dammara
Damned,of Damn
Damning,of Damn
Damnability,The quality of being damnable; damnableness.
Damnableness,The state or quality of deserving damnation; execrableness.
Damnably,In a manner to incur severe censure  condemnation or punishment.
Damnatory,Dooming to damnation; condemnatory.
Damnific,Procuring or causing loss; mischievous; injurious.
Damnification,That which causes damage or loss.
Damnify,To cause loss or damage to; to injure; to impair.
Damningness,Tendency to bring damnation.
damnum,Harm; detriment  either to character or property.
Damosel,Alt. of Damoiselle
Damosella,Alt. of Damoiselle
Damoiselle,See Damsel.
Damourite,A kind of Muscovite  or potash mica containing water.
Damp,Moisture; humidity; fog; fogginess; vapor.
Damped,of Damp
Damping,of Damp
Dampened,of Dampen
Dampening,of Dampen
Dampen,To make damp or moist; to make slightly wet.
Dampish,Moderately damp or moist.
Dampne,To damn.
Dampness,Moderate humidity; moisture; fogginess; moistness.
Damp off,To decay and perish through excessive moisture.
Dampy,Somewhat damp.
Dan,A title of honor equivalent to master  or sir.
Danaite,A cobaltiferous variety of arsenopyrite.
Danced,of Dance
Dancing,of Dance
Dancer,One who dances or who practices dancing.
Danceress,A female dancer.
Dancy,Same as Dancette.
Dander,Dandruff or scurf on the head.
Dandi,A boatman; an oarsman.
Dandie,One of a breed of small terriers; -- called also Dandie Dinmont.
Dandifying,of Dandify
Dandify,To cause to resemble a dandy; to make dandyish.
Dandiprat,A little fellow; -- in sport or contempt.
Dandled,of Dandle
Dandling,of Dandle
Dandler,One who dandles or fondles.
Dandriff,See Dandruff.
Dandies,of Dandy
Dandy-cock,Alt. of Dandy-hen
Dandy-hen,A bantam fowl.
Dandyish,Like a dandy.
Dandyism,The manners and dress of a dandy; foppishness.
Dandyise,To make  or to act like a dandy; to dandify.
Dandyling,A little or insignificant dandy; a contemptible fop.
Dane,A native  or a naturalized inhabitant of Denmark.
Danegeld,Alt. of Danegelt
Dang,imp. of Ding.
Danger,Authority; jurisdiction; control.
Dangerful,Full of danger; dangerous.
Dangerless,Free from danger.
Dangled,of Dangle
Dangling,of Dangle
Dangle,To hang loosely  or with a swinging or jerking motion.
Danish,Belonging to the Danes  or to their language or country.
Danite,A descendant of Dan; an Israelite of the tribe of Dan.
Dank,Damp; moist; humid; wet.
Dankish,Somewhat dank.
Dansk,Danish.
Dansker,A Dane.
Dantesque,Dantelike; Dantean.
Danubian,Pertaining to  or bordering on the river Danube.
Dap,To drop the bait gently on the surface of the water.
Dapatical,Sumptuous in cheer.
Daphnia,A genus of the genus Daphnia.
Daphnomancy,Divination by means of the laurel.
Dapperling,A dwarf; a dandiprat.
Dapple,One of the spots on a dappled animal.
Dappling,of Dapple
Darbies,Manacles; handcuffs.
Dardanian,Trojan.
Durst,of Dare
Dared,of Dare
Daring,of Dare
Dare-deviltries,of Dare-deviltry
Dare-deviltry,Reckless mischief; the action of a dare-devil.
Dareful,Full of daring or of defiance; adventurous.
Darer,One who dares or defies.
Darg,Alt. of Dargue
Darkened,of Darken
Darkening,of Darken
Darkener,One who  or that which darkens.
Darkful,Full of darkness.
Darkish,Somewhat dark; dusky.
Darkle,To grow dark; to show indistinctly.
Darkling,In the dark.
Darkness,The absence of light; blackness; obscurity; gloom.
Darksome,Dark; gloomy; obscure; shaded; cheerless.
Darky,A negro.
Darling,One dearly beloved; a favorite.
Darned,of Darn
Darning,of Darn
Darner,One who mends by darning.
Darnex,Alt. of Darnic
Darnic,Same as Dornick.
Daroo,The Egyptian sycamore (Ficus Sycamorus). See Sycamore.
Darr,The European black tern.
Darraign,Alt. of Darrain
Darrain,To make ready to fight; to array.
Darrein,Last; as  darrein continuance the last continuance.
Darted,of Dart
Darting,of Dart
Dartars,A kind of scab or ulceration on the skin of lambs.
Darter,One who darts  or who throw darts; that which darts.
Dartingly,Like a dart; rapidly.
Dartoic,Of or pertaining to the dartos.
Dartoid,Like the dartos; dartoic; as  dartoid tissue.
Darwinianism,Darwinism.
Darwinism,The theory or doctrines put forth by Darwin. See above.
Dase,See Daze.
Dasewe,To become dim-sighted; to become dazed or dazzled.
Dashed,of Dash
Dashing,of Dash
Dasher,That which dashes or agitates; as  the dasher of a churn.
Dashingly,Conspicuously; showily.
Dastardized,of Dastardize
Dastardizing,of Dastardize
Dastardliness,The quality of being dastardly; cowardice; base fear.
Dastardly,Meanly timid; cowardly; base; as  a dastardly outrage.
Dastardness,Dastardliness.
Dastardy,Base timidity; cowardliness.
Daswe,See Dasewe
Dasypaedal,Dasypaedic.
Dasypaedes,Those birds whose young are covered with down when hatched.
Dasypaedic,Pertaining to the Dasypaedes; ptilopaedic.
Dasyurine,Pertaining to  or like the dasyures.
Data,See Datum.
Datable,That may be dated; having a known or ascertainable date.
Datary,An officer in the pope's court  having charge of the Dataria.
Date,The fruit of the date palm; also  the date palm itself.
Dated,of Date
Dating,of Date
Dateless,Without date; having no fixed time.
Dater,One who dates.
Datively,As a gift.
Daturine,Atropine; -- called also daturia and daturina.
Daubed,of Daub
Daubing,of Daub
Daubery,Alt. of Daubry
Daubry,A daubing; specious coloring; false pretenses.
Daubreelite,A sulphide of chromium observed in some meteoric irons.
Dauby,Smeary; viscous; glutinous; adhesive.
Daughters,of Daughter
Daughtren,of Daughter
Daughters-in-law,of Daughter-in-law
Daughter-in-law,The wife of one's son.
Daughterliness,The state of a daughter  or the conduct becoming a daughter.
Daughterly,Becoming a daughter; filial.
Dauk,See Dawk  v. t. to cut or gush.
Daun,A variant of Dan  a title of honor.
Daunted,of Daunt
Daunting,of Daunt
Daunt,To overcome; to conquer.
Daunter,One who daunts.
Dauntless,Incapable of being daunted; undaunted; bold; fearless; intrepid.
Dauphiness,Alt. of Dauphine
Dauphine,The title of the wife of the dauphin.
Davy Jones,The spirit of the sea; sea devil; -- a term used by sailors.
Davy lamp,See Safety lamp  under Lamp.
Davyne,A variety of nephelite from Vesuvius.
Dawdled,of Dawdle
Dawdling,of Dawdle
Dawdle,To waste time in trifling employment; to trifle; to saunter.
Dawe,Day.
Dawish,Like a daw.
Dawk,See Dak.
Dawned,of Dawn
Dawning,of Dawn
Dayaks,See Dyaks.
Daybreak,The time of the first appearance of light in the morning.
Day-coal,The upper stratum of coal  as nearest the light or surface.
Daydreamer,One given to daydreams.
Day-labor,Labor hired or performed by the day.
Daymaid,A dairymaid.
Day-net,A net for catching small birds.
Day-peep,The dawn.
Daysman,An umpire or arbiter; a mediator.
Day-star,The morning star; the star which ushers in the day.
Daywoman,A dairymaid.
Dazed,of Daze
Dazing,of Daze
Dazzled,of Dazzle
Dazzling,of Dazzle
Dazzlement,Dazzling flash  glare or burst of light.
Dazzlingly,In a dazzling manner.
Deaconess,A female deacon
Deaconhood,The state of being a deacon; office of a deacon; deaconship.
Deaconry,See Deaconship.
Deaconship,The office or ministry of a deacon or deaconess.
Dead beat,See Beat  n. 7.
Deadborn,Stillborn.
Deadened,of Deaden
Deadening,of Deaden
Deadener,One who  or that which deadens or checks.
Dead-hearted,Having a dull  faint heart; spiritless; listless.
Deadish,Somewhat dead  dull or lifeless; deathlike.
Deadlihood,State of the dead.
Deadliness,The quality of being deadly.
Dead-reckoning,See under Dead  a.
Deads,The substances which inclose the ore on every side.
Dead-stroke,Making a stroke without recoil; deadbeat.
Deadworks,The parts of a ship above the water when she is laden.
Deafened,of Deafen
Deafening,of Deafen
Deafly,Without sense of sounds; obscurely.
Deaf-mutism,The condition of being a deaf-mute.
Dealt,of Deal
Dealing,of Deal
Dealbate,To whiten.
Dealbation,Act of bleaching; a whitening.
Dealfish,A long  thin fish of the arctic seas (Trachypterus arcticus).
Dealth,Share dealt.
Deambulate,To walk abroad.
Deambulation,A walking abroad; a promenading.
Deaneries,of Deanery
Deanship,The office of a dean.
Dear,Bearing a high price; high-priced; costly; expensive.
Dearborn,A four-wheeled carriage  with curtained sides.
Dear-bought,Bought at a high price; as  dear-bought experience.
Deare,variant of Dere  v. t. & n.
Dearie,Same as Deary.
Dearling,A darling.
Dear-loved,Greatly beloved.
Dearn,Secret; lonely; solitary; dreadful.
Dearness,The quality or state of being dear; costliness; excess of price.
Dearticulate,To disjoint.
Dearworth,Precious.
Deary,A dear; a darling.
Deas,See Dais.
Deathful,Full of death or slaughter; murderous; destructive; bloody.
Deathfulness,Appearance of death.
Deathlike,Resembling death.
Deathliness,The quality of being deathly; deadliness.
Deathly,Deadly; fatal; mortal; destructive.
Death's-herb,The deadly nightshade (Atropa belladonna).
Deathsman,An executioner; a headsman or hangman.
Deathward,Toward death.
Deaurate,Gilded.
Deauration,Act of gilding.
Deave,To stun or stupefy with noise; to deafen.
Debacchate,To rave as a bacchanal.
Debacchation,Wild raving or debauchery.
Debarred,of Debar
Debarring,of Debar
Debarb,To deprive of the beard.
Debarked,of Debark
Debarking,of Debark
Debark,To go ashore from a ship or boat; to disembark; to put ashore.
Debarkation,Disembarkation.
Debarment,Hindrance from approach; exclusion.
Debarrass,To disembarrass; to relieve.
Debased,of Debase
Debasing,of Debase
Debasement,The act of debasing or the state of being debased.
Debaser,One who  or that which debases.
Debasingly,In a manner to debase.
Debated,of Debate
Debating,of Debate
Debate,To engage in combat for; to strive for.
Debateful,Full of contention; contentious; quarrelsome.
Debatefully,With contention.
Debatement,Controversy; deliberation; debate.
Debatingly,In the manner of a debate.
Debauched,of Debauch
Debauching,of Debauch
Debauchedly,In a profligate manner.
Debauchedness,The state of being debauched; intemperance.
Debaucheries,of Debauchery
Debauchment,The act of corrupting; the act of seducing from virtue or duty.
Debauchness,Debauchedness.
Debeige,A kind of woolen or mixed dress goods.
Debel,To conquer.
Debellate,To subdue; to conquer in war.
Debellation,The act of conquering or subduing.
Debentured,Entitled to drawback or debenture; as  debentured goods.
Debile,Weak.
Debilitated,of Debilitate
Debilitating,of Debilitate
Debility,The state of being weak; weakness; feebleness; languor.
Debited,of Debit
Debiting,of Debit
Debitor,A debtor.
Debituminization,The act of depriving of bitumen.
Debituminize,To deprive of bitumen.
Debonairity,Debonairness.
Debonairly,Courteously; elegantly.
Debonairness,The quality of being debonair; good humor; gentleness; courtesy.
Debosh,To debauch.
Deboshment,Debauchment.
Debouched,of Debouch
Debouching,of Debouch
Debouche,A place for exit; an outlet; hence  a market for goods.
Debouchure,The outward opening of a river  of a valley or of a strait.
Debted,Indebted; obliged to.
Debtee,One to whom a debt is due; creditor; -- correlative to debtor.
Debtless,Free from debt.
Debulliate,To boil over.
Debulition,A bubbling or boiling over.
Deburse,To disburse.
Debutant,Alt. of Debutante
Decachord,Alt. of Decachordon
Decucuminated,Having the point or top cut off.
Decad,A decade.
Decadal,Pertaining to ten; consisting of tens.
Decadence,Alt. of Decadency
Decadent,Decaying; deteriorating.
Decagonal,Pertaining to a decagon; having ten sides.
Decagram,Alt. of Decagramme
Decagynia,A Linnaean order of plants characterized by having ten styles.
Decagynian,Alt. of Deccagynous
Deccagynous,Belonging to the Decagynia; having ten styles.
Decahedral,Having ten sides.
Decahedrons,of Decahedron
Decahedra,of Decahedron
Decahedron,A solid figure or body inclosed by ten plane surfaces.
Decalcification,The removal of calcareous matter.
Decalcified,of Decalcify
Decalcifying,of Decalcify
Decalcomania,Alt. of Decalcomanie
Decaliter,Alt. of Decalitre
Decalog,Decalogue.
Decalogist,One who explains the decalogue.
Decameter,Alt. of Decametre
Decamped,of Decamp
Decamping,of Decamp
Decampment,Departure from a camp; a marching off.
Decanal,Pertaining to a dean or deanery.
Decandria,A Linnaean class of plants characterized by having ten stamens.
Decandrian,Alt. of Decandrous
Decandrous,Belonging to the Decandria; having ten stamens.
Decangular,Having ten angles.
Decanted,of Decant
Decanting,of Decant
Decantate,To decant.
Decaphyllous,Having ten leaves.
Decapitated,of Decapitate
Decapitating,of Decapitate
Decapitate,To cut off the head of; to behead.
Decapitation,The act of beheading; beheading.
Deccapodal,Alt. of Deccapodous
Deccapodous,Belonging to the decapods; having ten feet; ten-footed.
Decarbonate,To deprive of carbonic acid.
Decarbonization,The action or process of depriving a substance of carbon.
Decarbonized,of Decarbonize
Decarbonizing,of Decarbonize
Decarbonizer,He who  or that which decarbonizes a substance.
Decarburization,The act  process or result of decarburizing.
Decarburize,To deprive of carbon; to remove the carbon from.
Decard,To discard.
Decardinalize,To depose from the rank of cardinal.
Decastere,A measure of capacity  equal to ten steres or ten cubic meters.
Decastich,A poem consisting of ten lines.
Decastyle,Having ten columns in front; -- said of a portico  temple etc.
Decasyllabic,Having  or consisting of ten syllables.
Decatoic,Pertaining to  or derived from decane.
Decayed,of Decay
Decaying,of Decay
Decayer,A causer of decay.
Decease,Departure  especially departure from this life; death.
Deceased,of Decease
Deceasing,of Decease
Decede,To withdraw.
Decedent,Removing; departing.
Deceitfully,With intent to deceive.
Deceitless,Free from deceit.
Deceivable,Fitted to deceive; deceitful.
Deceivableness,Capability of deceiving.
Deceivably,In a deceivable manner.
Deceived,of Deceive
Deceiving,of Deceive
Decemdentate,Having ten points or teeth.
Decemfid,Cleft into ten parts.
Decemlocular,Having ten cells for seeds.
Decempedal,Ten feet in length.
Decemvirs,of Decemvir
Decemviri,of Decemvir
Decemvir,One of a body of ten magistrates in ancient Rome.
Decemviral,Pertaining to the decemvirs in Rome.
Decemvirate,The office or term of office of the decemvirs in Rome.
Decemvirship,The office of a decemvir.
Decence,Decency.
Decencies,of Decency
Decene,One of the higher hydrocarbons  C10H20 of the ethylene series.
Decennaries,of Decennary
Decennary,A period of ten years.
Decenniums,of Decennium
Decennia,of Decennium
Decennium,A period of ten years.
Decennoval,Alt. of Decennovary
Decennovary,Pertaining to the number nineteen; of nineteen years.
Deceptible,Capable of being deceived; deceivable.
Deception,The act of deceiving or misleading.
Deceptious,Tending deceive; delusive.
Deceptively,In a manner to deceive.
Deceptiveness,The power or habit of deceiving; tendency or aptness to deceive.
Deceptivity,Deceptiveness; a deception; a sham.
Deceptory,Deceptive.
Decern,To perceive  discern or decide.
Decerniture,A decree or sentence of a court.
Decerp,To pluck off; to crop; to gather.
Decerpt,Plucked off or away.
Decerptible,That may be plucked off  cropped or torn away.
Decerption,The act of plucking off; a cropping.
Decertation,Contest for mastery; contention; strife.
Decession,Departure; decrease; -- opposed to accesion.
Decharm,To free from a charm; to disenchant.
Dechristianized,of Dechristianize
Dechristianizing,of Dechristianize
Dechristianize,To turn from  or divest of Christianity.
Decidable,Capable of being decided; determinable.
Decided,of Decide
Deciding,of Decide
Decide,To cut off; to separate.
Decidedly,In a decided manner; indisputably; clearly; thoroughly.
Decidement,Means of forming a decision.
Decidence,A falling off.
Decider,One who decides.
Deciduate,Possessed of  or characterized by a decidua.
Deciduity,Deciduousness.
Deciduousness,The quality or state of being deciduous.
Decigram,Alt. of Decigramme
Decil,Alt. of Decile
Deciliter,Alt. of Decilitre
Decimalism,The system of a decimal currency  decimal weights measures etc.
Decimalize,To reduce to a decimal system; as  to decimalize the currency.
Decimally,By tens; by means of decimals.
Decimated,of Decimate
Decimating,of Decimate
Decimate,To take the tenth part of; to tithe.
Decimation,A tithing.
Decimator,One who decimates.
Decimeter,Alt. of Decimetre
Deciphered,of Decipher
Deciphering,of Decipher
Decipherable,Capable of being deciphered; as  old writings not decipherable.
Decipherer,One who deciphers.
Decipheress,A woman who deciphers.
Decipherment,The act of deciphering.
Decipiency,State of being deceived; hallucination.
Decision,Cutting off; division; detachment of a part.
Decisory,Able to decide or determine; having a tendency to decide.
Decitizenize,To deprive of the rights of citizenship.
Decivilize,To reduce from civilization to a savage state.
Decked,of Deck
Decking,of Deck
Deck,To cover; to overspread.
Deckel,Same as Deckle.
Declaimed,of Declaim
Declaiming,of Declaim
Declaimant,A declaimer.
Declaimer,One who declaims; an haranguer.
Declamator,A declaimer.
Declarable,Capable of being declared.
Declarant,One who declares.
Declaratorily,In a declaratory manner.
Declared,of Declare
Declaring,of Declare
Declare,To make clear; to free from obscurity.
Declaredly,Avowedly; explicitly.
Declaredness,The state of being declared.
Declarement,Declaration.
Declarer,One who makes known or proclaims; that which exhibits.
Declension,The act or the state of declining; declination; descent; slope.
Declensional,Belonging to declension.
Declinal,Declining; sloping.
Declined,of Decline
Declining,of Decline
Decliner,He who declines or rejects.
Declinous,Declinate.
Declivitous,Alt. of Declivous
Declivous,Descending gradually; moderately steep; sloping; downhill.
Declivities,of Declivity
Decocted,of Decoct
Decocting,of Decoct
Decoctible,Capable of being boiled or digested.
Decocture,A decoction.
Decollated,of Decollate
Decollating,of Decollate
Decollate,To sever from the neck; to behead; to decapitate.
Decolling,Beheading.
Decolor,To deprive of color; to bleach.
Decolorant,A substance which removes color  or bleaches.
Decolorate,Deprived of color.
Decoloration,The removal or absence of color.
Decolorize,To deprive of color; to whiten.
Decomplex,Repeatedly compound; made up of complex constituents.
Decomposable,Capable of being resolved into constituent elements.
Decomposed,of Decompose
Decomposing,of Decompose
Decompounded,of Decompound
Decompounding,of Decompound
Decompoundable,Capable of being decompounded.
Deconcentrate,To withdraw from concentration; to decentralize.
Deconcentration,Act of deconcentrating.
Deconcoct,To decompose.
Deconsecrate,To deprive of sacredness; to secularize.
Decorament,Ornament.
Decorated,of Decorate
Decorating,of Decorate
Decoration,The act of adorning  embellishing or honoring; ornamentation.
Decorative,Suited to decorate or embellish; adorning.
Decore,To decorate; to beautify.
Decorement,Ornament.
Decorticated,of Decorticate
Decorticating,of Decorticate
Decortication,The act of stripping off the bark  rind hull or outer coat.
Decoyed,of Decoy
Decoying,of Decoy
Decoyer,One who decoys another.
Decoy-men,of Decoy-man
Decoy-man,A man employed in decoying wild fowl.
Decreased,of Decrease
Decreasing,of Decrease
Decreaseless,Suffering no decrease.
Decreation,Destruction; -- opposed to creation.
Decreed,of Decree
Decreeing,of Decree
Decreeable,Capable of being decreed.
Decreer,One who decrees.
Decrepitated,of Decrepitate
Decrepitating,of Decrepitate
Decrepitness,Decrepitude.
Decrete,A decree.
Decretion,A decrease.
Decretist,One who studies  or professes the knowledge of the decretals.
Decretive,Having the force of a decree; determining.
Decretorial,Decretory; authoritative.
Decretorily,In a decretory or definitive manner; by decree.
Decretory,Established by a decree; definitive; settled.
Decrew,To decrease.
Decrial,A crying down; a clamorous censure; condemnation by censure.
Decrier,One who decries.
Decrown,To deprive of a crown; to discrown.
Decrustation,The removal of a crust.
Decried,of Decry
Decrying,of Decry
Decubation,Act of lying down; decumbence.
Decubitus,An attitude assumed in lying down; as  the dorsal decubitus.
Decumbence,Alt. of Decumbency
Decumbency,The act or posture of lying down.
Decumbent,Lying down; prostrate; recumbent.
Decumbently,In a decumbent posture.
Decuple,Tenfold.
Decupled,of Decuple
Decupling,of Decuple
Decurionate,The office of a decurion.
Decurrence,The act of running down; a lapse.
Decursion,A flowing; also  a hostile incursion.
Decursive,Running down; decurrent.
Decursively,In a decursive manner.
Decurt,To cut short; to curtail.
Decurtation,Act of cutting short.
Decuries,of Decury
Decury,A set or squad of ten men under a decurion.
Decussated,of Decussate
Decussating,of Decussate
Decussately,In a decussate manner.
Decussative,Intersecting at acute angles.
Decussatively,Crosswise; in the form of an X.
Decylic,Allied to  or containing the radical decyl.
Dedalian,See Daedalian.
Dedalous,See Daedalous.
Dedans,A division  at one end of a tennis court for spectators.
Dede,Dead.
Dedecorate,To bring to shame; to disgrace.
Dedecoration,Disgrace; dishonor.
Dedecorous,Disgraceful; unbecoming.
Dedentition,The shedding of teeth.
Dedicate,Dedicated; set apart; devoted; consecrated.
Dedicated,of Dedicate
Dedicating,of Dedicate
Dedicatee,One to whom a thing is dedicated; -- correlative to dedicator.
Dedicatorial,Dedicatory.
Dedicatory,Constituting or serving as a dedication; complimental.
Dedition,The act of yielding; surrender.
Dedolent,Feeling no compunction; apathetic.
Deduced,of Deduce
Deducing,of Deduce
Deduce,To lead forth.
Deducement,Inference; deduction; thing deduced.
Deducibility,Deducibleness.
Deducibleness,The quality of being deducible; deducibility.
Deducibly,By deduction.
Deducive,That deduces; inferential.
Deducted,of Deduct
Deducting,of Deduct
Deduct,To lead forth or out.
Deductible,Capable of being deducted  taken away or withdrawn.
Deduction,Act or process of deducing or inferring.
Deductively,By deduction; by way of inference; by consequence.
Deductor,The pilot whale or blackfish.
Deduit,Delight; pleasure.
Deed,Dead.
Deedful,Full of deeds or exploits; active; stirring.
Deedy,Industrious; active.
Deemed,of Deem
Deeming,of Deem
Deem,To decide; to judge; to sentence; to condemn.
Deepened,of Deepen
Deepening,of Deepen
Deep-fet,Deeply fetched or drawn.
Deep-mouthed,Having a loud and sonorous voice.
Deep-read,Profoundly book- learned.
Deer,Any animal; especially  a wild animal.
Deerlet,A chevrotain. See Kanchil  and Napu.
Deer-neck,A deerlike  or thin ill-formed neck as of a horse.
Deerskin,The skin of a deer  or the leather which is made from it.
Deerstalker,One who practices deerstalking.
Deerstalking,The hunting of deer on foot  by stealing upon them unawares.
Dees,Dice.
Deesis,An invocation of  or address to the Supreme Being.
Deess,A goddess.
Deev,See Dev.
Defaced,of Deface
Defacing,of Deface
Defacer,One who  or that which defaces or disfigures.
Defail,To cause to fail.
Defailance,Failure; miscarriage.
Defailure,Failure.
Defalcated,of Defalcate
Defalcating,of Defalcate
Defalcator,A defaulter or embezzler.
Defalk,To lop off; to abate.
Defamed,of Defame
Defaming,of Defame
Defamer,One who defames; a slanderer; a detractor; a calumniator.
Defamingly,In a defamatory manner.
Defamous,Defamatory.
Defatigable,Capable of being wearied or tired out.
Defatigate,To weary or tire out; to fatigue.
Defatigation,Weariness; fatigue.
Defaulted,of Default
Defaulting,of Default
Defeasance,A defeat; an overthrow.
Defeasanced,Liable to defeasance; capable of being made void or forfeited.
Defeasible,Capable of being annulled or made void; as  a defeasible title.
Defeated,of Defeat
Defeating,of Defeat
Defeat,To undo; to disfigure; to destroy.
Defeature,Overthrow; defeat.
Defeatured,Changed in features; deformed.
Defecated,of Defecate
Defecating,of Defecate
Defectibility,Deficiency; imperfection.
Defectible,Liable to defect; imperfect.
Defectionist,One who advocates or encourages defection.
Defectious,Having defects; imperfect.
Defectuosity,Great imperfection.
Defectuous,Full of defects; imperfect.
Defedation,The act of making foul; pollution.
Defence,See Defense.
Defended,of Defend
Defending,of Defend
Defend,To ward or fend off; to drive back or away; to repel.
Defendable,Capable of being defended; defensible.
Defendant,Serving  or suitable for defense; defensive.
Defendee,One who is defended.
Defendress,A female defender.
Defensative,That which serves to protect or defend.
Defense,Alt. of Defence
Defenser,Defender.
Defensibility,Capability of being defended.
Defensibleness,Capability of being defended; defensibility.
Defensively,On the defensive.
Defensor,A defender.
Defensory,Tending to defend; defensive; as  defensory preparations.
Deferred,of Defer
Deferring,of Defer
Deferent,Serving to carry; bearing.
Deferential,Expressing deference; accustomed to defer.
Deferentially,With deference.
Deferment,The act of delaying; postponement.
Deferrer,One who defers or puts off.
Defervescence,Alt. of Defervescency
Defeudalize,To deprive of the feudal character or form.
Defiant,Full of defiance; bold; insolent; as  a defiant spirit or act.
Defiatory,Bidding or manifesting defiance.
Defibrination,The act or process of depriving of fibrin.
Defibrinize,To defibrinate.
Deficience,Same as Deficiency.
Deficiencies,of Deficiency
Defier,One who dares and defies; a contemner; as  a defier of the laws.
Defiguration,Disfiguration; mutilation.
Defigure,To delineate.
Defiladed,of Defilade
Defilading,of Defilade
Defiled,of Defile
Defiling,of Defile
Defile,To march off in a line  file by file; to file off.
Defiliation,Abstraction of a child from its parents.
Defined,of Define
Defining,of Define
Define,To fix the bounds of; to bring to a termination; to end.
Definement,The act of defining; definition; description.
Definer,One who defines or explains.
Definitely,In a definite manner; with precision; precisely; determinately.
Definitively,In a definitive manner.
Definitiveness,The quality of being definitive.
Definitude,Definiteness.
Defix,To fix; to fasten; to establish.
Deflagrability,The state or quality of being deflagrable.
Deflagrated,of Deflagrate
Deflagrating,of Deflagrate
Deflagration,A burning up; conflagration.
Deflate,To reduce from an inflated condition.
Deflected,of Deflect
Deflecting,of Deflect
Deflectable,Capable of being deflected.
Deflectionization,The act of freeing from inflections.
Deflectionize,To free from inflections.
Deflective,Causing deflection.
Deflexed,Bent abruptly downward.
Deflexion,See Deflection.
Deflexure,A bending or turning aside; deflection.
Deflorate,Past the flowering state; having shed its pollen.
Defloration,The act of deflouring; as  the defloration of a virgin.
Defloured,of Deflour
Deflouring,of Deflour
Deflour,To deprive of flowers.
Deflourer,One who deflours; a ravisher.
Deflow,To flow down.
Deflower,Same as Deflour.
Deflowerer,See Deflourer.
Defluous,Flowing down; falling off.
Deflux,Downward flow.
Defly,Deftly.
Defoedation,Defedation.
Defoliate,Alt. of Defoliated
Defoliated,Deprived of leaves  as by their natural fall.
Deforced,of Deforce
Deforcing,of Deforce
Deforceor,Same as Deforciant.
Deforciant,One who keeps out of possession the rightful owner of an estate.
Deforciation,Same as Deforcement  n.
Deforest,To clear of forests; to disforest.
Deformed,of Deform
Deforming,of Deform
Deform,To spoil the form of; to mar in form; to misshape; to disfigure.
Deformation,The act of deforming  or state of anything deformed.
Deformer,One who deforms.
Deformities,of Deformity
Deforser,A deforciant.
Defoul,To tread down.
Defrauded,of Defraud
Defrauding,of Defraud
Defraudation,The act of defrauding; a taking by fraud.
Defrauder,One who defrauds; a cheat; an embezzler; a peculator.
Defraudment,Privation by fraud; defrauding.
Defrayed,of Defray
Defraying,of Defray
Defrayer,One who pays off expenses.
Defrayment,Payment of charges.
Deft,Apt; fit; dexterous; clever; handy; spruce; neat.
Deftly,Aptly; fitly; dexterously; neatly.
Deftness,The quality of being deft.
Defunct,Having finished the course of life; dead; deceased.
Defunction,Death.
Defunctive,Funereal.
Defuse,To disorder; to make shapeless.
Defied,of Defy
Defying,of Defy
Degarnished,of Degarnish
Degarnishing,of Degarnish
Degarnishment,The act of depriving  as of furniture apparatus or a garrison.
Degender,Alt. of Degener
Degener,To degenerate.
Degeneracy,The act of becoming degenerate; a growing worse.
Degenerated,of Degenerate
Degenerating,of Degenerate
Degenerately,In a degenerate manner; unworthily.
Degenerateness,Degeneracy.
Degenerative,Undergoing or producing degeneration; tending to degenerate.
Degenerous,Degenerate; base.
Degenerously,Basely.
Degloried,Deprived of glory; dishonored.
Deglutinated,of Deglutinate
Deglutinating,of Deglutinate
Deglutination,The act of ungluing.
Deglutition,The act or process of swallowing food; the power of swallowing.
Deglutitious,Pertaining to deglutition.
Deglutitory,Serving for  or aiding in deglutition.
Degraded,of Degrade
Degrading,of Degrade
Degradement,Deprivation of rank or office; degradation.
Degradingly,In a degrading manner.
Degravation,The act of making heavy.
Degree,A step  stair or staircase.
Degust,To taste.
Dehisce,To gape; to open by dehiscence.
Dehiscence,The act of gaping.
Dehonestate,To disparage.
Dehonestation,A dishonoring; disgracing.
Dehorned,of Dehorn
Dehorning,of Dehorn
Dehorted,of Dehort
Dehorting,of Dehort
Dehort,To urge to abstain or refrain; to dissuade.
Dehortation,Dissuasion; advice against something.
Dehortative,Dissuasive.
Dehortatory,Fitted or designed to dehort or dissuade.
Dehorter,A dissuader; an adviser to the contrary.
Dehusk,To remove the husk from.
Dehydrogenate,To deprive of  or free from hydrogen.
Deific,Alt. of Deifical
Deifical,Making divine; producing a likeness to God; god-making.
Deifier,One who deifies.
Deiform,Godlike  or of a godlike form.
Deiformity,Likeness to deity.
Deifying,of Deify
Deigned,of Deign
Deigning,of Deign
Deignous,Haughty; disdainful.
Deil,Devil; -- spelt also deel.
Deinoceras,See Dinoceras.
Deinornis,See Dinornis.
Deinosaur,See Dinosaur.
Deinotherium,See Dinotherium.
Deintegrate,To disintegrate.
Deinteous,Alt. of Deintevous
Deintevous,Rare; excellent; costly.
Deiparous,Bearing or bringing forth a god; -- said of the Virgin Mary.
Deis,See Dais.
Deistic,Alt. of Deistical
Deistically,After the manner of deists.
Deisticalness,State of being deistical.
Deitate,Deified.
Deities,of Deity
Dejected,of Deject
Dejecting,of Deject
Deject,To cast down.
Dejecta,Excrements; as  the dejecta of the sick.
Dejecter,One who casts down  or dejects.
Dejection,A casting down; depression.
Dejectly,Dejectedly.
Dejectory,Having power  or tending to cast down.
Dejecture,That which is voided; excrements.
Dejerate,To swear solemnly; to take an oath.
Dejeration,The act of swearing solemnly.
Dejeune,A dejeuner.
Dejeuner,A breakfast; sometimes  also a lunch or collation.
De jure,By right; of right; by law; -- often opposed to de facto.
Deka-,A prefix signifying ten. See Deca-.
Dekagram,Same as Decagram.
Dekaliter,Same as Decaliter.
Dekameter,Same as Decameter.
Dekastere,Same as Decastere.
Dekle,See Deckle.
Del,Share; portion; part.
Delaceration,A tearing in pieces.
Delactation,The act of weaning.
Delaine,A kind of fabric for women's dresses.
Delapsation,See Delapsion.
Delapsed,of Delapse
Delapsing,of Delapse
Delapse,To pass down by inheritance; to lapse.
Delapsion,A falling down  or out of place; prolapsion.
Delassation,Fatigue.
Delated,of Delate
Delating,of Delate
Delate,To carry; to convey.
Delation,Conveyance.
Delator,An accuser; an informer.
Delays,of Delay
Delayed,of Delay
Delaying,of Delay
Delayer,One who delays; one who lingers.
Delayingly,By delays.
Delayment,Hindrance.
Deled,of Dele
Deleing,of Dele
Deleble,Capable of being blotted out or erased.
Delectable,Highly pleasing; delightful.
Delectate,To delight; to charm.
Delectation,Great pleasure; delight.
Delegated,of Delegate
Delegating,of Delegate
Delegatory,Holding a delegated position.
Delenda,Things to be erased or blotted out.
Delenifical,Assuaging pain.
Deleted,of Delete
Deleting,of Delete
Delete,To blot out; to erase; to expunge; to dele; to omit.
Deletery,Destructive; poisonous.
Deletion,Act of deleting  blotting out or erasing; destruction.
Deletive,Adapted to destroy or obliterate.
Deletory,That which blots out.
Delf,A mine; a quarry; a pit dug; a ditch.
Delft,Same as Delftware.
Delftware,Pottery made at the city of Delft in Holland; hence:
Delibate,To taste; to take a sip of; to dabble in.
Delibation,Act of tasting; a slight trial.
Deliber,To deliberate.
Deliberated,of Deliberate
Deliberating,of Deliberate
Deliberatively,In a deliberative manner; circumspectly; considerately.
Deliberator,One who deliberates.
Delibrated,of Delibrate
Delibrating,of Delibrate
Delibrate,To strip off the bark; to peel.
Delibration,The act of stripping off the bark.
Delicacies,of Delicacy
Delicate,Addicted to pleasure; luxurious; voluptuous; alluring.
Delicately,In a delicate manner.
Delicateness,The quality of being delicate.
Delices,Delicacies; delights.
Deliciate,To delight one's self; to indulge in feasting; to revel.
Deligate,To bind up; to bandage.
Deligation,A binding up; a bandaging.
Delighted,of Delight
Delighting,of Delight
Delightable,Capable of delighting; delightful.
Delightedly,With delight; gladly.
Delighter,One who gives or takes delight.
Delightful,Highly pleasing; affording great pleasure and satisfaction.
Delightless,Void of delight.
Delightous,Delightful.
Delightsome,Very pleasing; delightful.
Delimit,To fix the limits of; to demarcate; to bound.
Delimitation,The act or process of fixing limits or boundaries; limitation.
Deline,To delineate.
Delineable,Capable of being  or liable to be delineated.
Delineament,Delineation; sketch.
Delineate,Delineated; portrayed.
Delineated,of Delineate
Delineating,of Delineate
Delineator,One who  or that which delineates; a sketcher.
Delineatory,That delineates; descriptive; drawing the outline; delineating.
Delineature,Delineation.
Delinition,A smearing.
Delinquencies,of Delinquency
Delinquent,Failing in duty; offending by neglect of duty.
Delinquently,So as to fail in duty.
Deliquate,To melt or be dissolved; to deliquesce.
Deliquation,A melting.
Deliquesced,of Deliquesce
Deliquescing,of Deliquesce
Deliquiation,The act of deliquiating.
Deliracy,Delirium.
Delirament,A wandering of the mind; a crazy fancy.
Delirancy,Delirium.
Delirant,Delirious.
Delirate,To madden; to rave.
Deliration,Aberration of mind; delirium.
Delirifacient,Producing  or tending to produce delirium.
Delit,Delight.
Delitable,Delightful; delectable.
Delitescence,Concealment; seclusion; retirement.
Delitescency,Concealment; seclusion.
Delitescent,Lying hid; concealed.
Delitigate,To chide; to rail heartily.
Delitigation,Chiding; brawl.
Delivered,of Deliver
Delivering,of Deliver
Deliverer,One who delivers or rescues; a preserver.
Deliveress,A female deliverer.
Deliverly,Actively; quickly; nimbly.
Deliverness,Nimbleness; agility.
Deliveries,of Delivery
Dell,A small  retired valley; a ravine.
Dellacruscan,Of or pertaining to the Accademia della Crusca in Florence.
Deloo,The duykerbok.
Delph,Delftware.
Delphian,Delphic.
Delphic,Of or relating to Delphi  or to the famous oracle of that place.
Delphin,Alt. of Delphine
Delphinic,Pertaining to  or derived from the dolphin; phocenic.
Delphinoid,Pertaining to  or resembling the dolphin.
Delphinus,A genus of Cetacea  including the dolphin. See Dolphin 1.
Deltas,of Delta
Deltafication,The formation of a delta or of deltas.
Deltaic,Relating to  or like a delta.
Deltic,Deltaic.
Deltidium,The triangular space under the beak of many brachiopod shells.
Deltoid,Shaped like the Greek / (delta); delta-shaped; triangular.
Deludable,Capable of being deluded; liable to be imposed on; gullible.
Deluded,of Delude
Deluding,of Delude
Deluder,One who deludes; a deceiver; an impostor.
Deluged,of Deluge
Deluging,of Deluge
Delusion,The act of deluding; deception; a misleading of the mind.
Delusional,Of or pertaining to delusions; as  delusional monomania.
Delusory,Delusive; fallacious.
Delved,of Delve
Delving,of Delve
Delve,To dig; to open (the ground) as with a spade.
Delver,One who digs  as with a spade.
Demagnetize,To deprive of magnetic properties. See Magnetize.
Demagog,Demagogue.
Demagogic,Alt. of Demagogical
Demagogical,Relating to  or like a demagogue; factious.
Demagogism,The practices of a demagogue.
Demagogy,Demagogism.
Demain,Rule; management.
Demanded,of Demand
Demanding,of Demand
Demandable,That may be demanded or claimed.
Demandant,One who demands; the plaintiff in a real action; any plaintiff.
Demander,One who demands.
Demandress,A woman who demands.
Demarch,March; walk; gait.
Demarkation,Same as Demarcation.
Dematerialize,To deprive of material or physical qualities or characteristics.
Demeaned,of Demean
Demeaning,of Demean
Demean,To manage; to conduct; to treat.
Demeanance,Demeanor.
Demeanor,Management; treatment; conduct.
Demeanure,Behavior.
Demency,Dementia; loss of mental powers. See Insanity.
Dement,To deprive of reason; to make mad.
Dementate,Deprived of reason.
Dementation,The act of depriving of reason; madness.
Demented,Insane; mad; of unsound mind.
Demephitized,of Demephitize
Demephitizing,of Demephitize
Demephitize,To purify from mephitic or foul air.
Demerge,To plunge down into; to sink; to immerse.
Demerse,To immerse.
Demersed,Situated or growing under water  as leaves; submersed.
Demersion,The act of plunging into a fluid; a drowning.
Demesmerize,To relieve from mesmeric influence. See Mesmerize.
Demesnial,Of or pertaining to a demesne; of the nature of a demesne.
Demi-,A prefix  signifying half.
Demi,See Demy  n.
Demibrigade,A half brigade.
Demideify,To deify in part.
Demidevil,A half devil.
Demigoddess,A female demigod.
Demigrate,To emigrate.
Demigration,Emigration.
Demigroat,A half groat.
Demi-island,Peninsula.
Demilance,A light lance; a short spear; a half pike; also  a demilancer.
Demiman,A half man.
Deminatured,Having half the nature of another.
Demiquaver,A note of half the length of the quaver; a semiquaver.
Demirelief,Alt. of Demirelievo
Demirelievo,Half relief. See Demi-rilievo.
Demisability,The state of being demisable.
Demisable,Capable of being leased; as  a demisable estate.
Demised,of Demise
Demising,of Demise
Demiss,Cast down; humble; submissive.
Demissionary,Pertaining to transfer or conveyance; as  a demissionary deed.
Demissive,Downcast; submissive; humble.
Demissly,In a humble manner.
Demitted,of Demit
Demitting,of Demit
Demit,To let fall; to depress.
Demitone,Semitone.
Demiurge,The chief magistrate in some of the Greek states.
Demiurgic,Pertaining to a demiurge; formative; creative.
Demivill,A half vill  consisting of five freemen or frankpledges.
Demiwolf,A half wolf; a mongrel dog  between a dog and a wolf.
Democracies,of Democracy
Democratical,Democratic.
Democratically,In a democratic manner.
Democratism,The principles or spirit of a democracy.
Democratist,A democrat.
Democratize,To render democratic.
Democraty,Democracy.
Demography,The study of races  as to births marriages mortality health etc.
Demoiselle,A young lady; a damsel; a lady's maid.
Demolished,of Demolish
Demolishing,of Demolish
Demolisher,One who  or that which demolishes; as a demolisher of towns.
Demolishment,Demolition.
Demolitionist,A demolisher.
Demoness,A female demon.
Demonetization,The act of demonetizing  or the condition of being demonetized.
Demonetize,To deprive of current value; to withdraw from use  as money.
Demoniac,Alt. of Demoniacal
Demoniacally,In a demoniacal manner.
Demoniacism,The state of being demoniac  or the practices of demoniacs.
Demonial,Of or pertaining to a demon.
Demonian,Relating to  or having the nature of a demon.
Demonianism,The state of being possessed by a demon or by demons.
Demoniasm,See Demonianism.
Demonic,Of or pertaining to a demon or to demons; demoniac.
Demonism,The belief in demons or false gods.
Demonist,A believer in  or worshiper of demons.
Demonized,of Demonize
Demonizing,of Demonize
Demonocracy,The power or government of demons.
Demonographer,A demonologist.
Demonolatry,The worship of demons.
Demonologer,One versed in demonology.
Demonologic,Alt. of Demonological
Demonological,Of or pertaining to demonology.
Demonologist,One who writes on  or is versed in demonology.
Demonomist,One in subjection to a demon  or to demons.
Demonomy,The dominion of demons.
Demonry,Demoniacal influence or possession.
Demonship,The state of a demon.
Demonstrability,The quality of being demonstrable; demonstrableness.
Demonstrableness,The quality of being demonstrable; demonstrability.
Demonstrably,In a demonstrable manner; incontrovertibly; clearly.
Demonstrance,Demonstration; proof.
Demonstrate,To point out; to show; to exhibit; to make evident.
Demonstrater,See Demonstrator.
Demonstrativeness,The state or quality of being demonstrative.
Demonstratory,Tending to demonstrate; demonstrative.
Demorage,Demurrage.
Demoralized,of Demoralize
Demoralizing,of Demoralize
Demotic,Of or pertaining to the people; popular; common.
Demount,To dismount.
Dempne,To damn; to condemn.
Dempster,Alt. of Demster
Demster,A deemster.
Demulce,To soothe; to mollify; to pacify; to soften.
Demulsion,The act of soothing; that which soothes.
Demurred,of Demur
Demurring,of Demur
Demur,To linger; to stay; to tarry.
Demurity,Demureness; also  one who is demure.
Demurrable,That may be demurred to.
Demurral,Demur; delay in acting or deciding.
Demurrer,One who demurs.
Demies,of Demy
Denarcotize,To deprive of narcotine; as  to denarcotize opium.
Denarii,of Denarius
Denationalization,The or process of denationalizing.
Denationalized,of Denationalize
Denationalizing,of Denationalize
Denationalize,To divest or deprive of national character or rights.
Denaturalized,of Denaturalize
Denaturalizing,of Denaturalize
Denaturalize,To render unnatural; to alienate from nature.
Denay,To deny.
Dendrachate,Arborescent or dendritic agate.
Dendriform,Resembling in structure a tree or shrub.
Dendritic,Alt. of Dendritical
Dendroid,Alt. of Dendroidal
Dendroidal,Resembling a shrub or tree in form; treelike.
Dendrolite,A petrified or fossil shrub  plant or part of a plant.
Dendrologist,One versed in the natural history of trees.
Dendrologous,Relating to dendrology.
Dendrology,A discourse or treatise on trees; the natural history of trees.
Dendrometer,An instrument to measure the height and diameter of trees.
Denegate,To deny.
Denegation,Denial.
Deniable,Capable of being  or liable to be denied.
Deniance,Denial.
Denigrate,To blacken thoroughly; to make very black.
Denigration,The act of making black.
Denigrator,One who  or that which blackens.
Denim,A coarse cotton drilling used for overalls  etc.
Denitration,A disengaging  or removal of nitric acid.
Denitrify,To deprive of  or free from nitrogen.
Denizen,A dweller; an inhabitant.
Denizenation,Denization; denizening.
Denizenize,To constitute (one) a denizen; to denizen.
Denizenship,State of being a denizen.
Denmark satin,See under Satin.
Dennet,A light  open two-wheeled carriage for one horse; a kind of gig.
Denominable,Capable of being denominated or named.
Denominated,of Denominate
Denominating,of Denominate
Denomination,The act of naming or designating.
Denominational,Pertaining to a denomination  especially to a sect or society.
Denominationalist,One imbued with a denominational spirit.
Denominationally,In a denominational manner; by denomination or sect.
Denominative,Conferring a denomination or name.
Denominatively,By denomination.
Denominator,One who  or that which gives a name; origin or source of a name.
Denotable,Capable of being denoted or marked.
Denotate,To mark off; to denote.
Denotation,The marking off or separation of anything.
Denotative,Having power to denote; designating or marking off.
Denoted,of Denote
Denoting,of Denote
Denotement,Sign; indication.
Denotive,Serving to denote.
Denounced,of Denounce
Denouncing,of Denounce
Denouncement,Solemn  official or menacing announcement; denunciation.
Denouncer,One who denounces  or declares as a menace.
Densely,In a dense  compact manner.
Denseless,The quality of being dense; density.
Dent,A stroke; a blow.
Dented,of Dent
Denting,of Dent
Dentalism,The quality of being formed by the aid of the teeth.
Dentary,Pertaining to  or bearing teeth.
Dentate,Alt. of Dentated
Dentately,In a dentate or toothed manner; as  dentately ciliated etc.
Dentate-sinuate,Having a form intermediate between dentate and sinuate.
Dentation,Formation of teeth; toothed form.
Dentel,Same as Dentil.
Dentelle,An ornamental tooling like lace.
Dentelli,Modillions.
Denticle,A small tooth or projecting point.
Denticulate,Alt. of Denticulated
Denticulation,The state of being set with small notches or teeth.
Dentiferous,Bearing teeth; dentigerous.
Dentiform,Having the form of a tooth or of teeth; tooth-shaped.
Dentigerous,Bearing teeth or toothlike structures.
Dentilated,Toothed.
Dentilation,Dentition.
Dentilave,A wash for cleaning the teeth.
Dentile,A small tooth  like that of a saw.
Dentiloquist,One who speaks through the teeth  that is with the teeth closed.
Dential,Of or pertaining to dentine.
Dentirostres,of Dentiroster
Dentiroster,A dentirostral bird.
Dentirostrate,Dentirostral.
Dentiscalp,An instrument for scraping the teeth.
Dentistic,Alt. of Dentistical
Dentistical,Pertaining to dentistry or to dentists.
Dentistry,The art or profession of a dentist; dental surgery.
Dentition,The development and cutting of teeth; teething.
Dentized,of Dentize
Dentizing,of Dentize
Dentize,To breed or cut new teeth.
Dentoid,Shaped like a tooth; tooth-shaped.
Dentolingual,Dentilingual.
Denture,An artificial tooth  block or set of teeth.
Denudate,To denude.
Denunciate,To denounce; to condemn publicly or solemnly.
Denunciation,Proclamation; announcement; a publishing.
Denunciative,Same as Denunciatory.
Denied,of Deny
Denying,of Deny
Denyingly,In the manner of one denies a request.
Deodate,A gift or offering to God.
Deodorant,A deodorizer.
Deonerate,To unload; to disburden.
Deontological,Pertaining to deontology.
Deontologist,One versed in deontology.
Deontology,The science relat/ to duty or moral obligation.
Deoperculate,Having the lid removed; -- said of the capsules of mosses.
Deoppilate,To free from obstructions; to clear a passage through.
Deoppilation,Removal of whatever stops up the passages.
Deoppilative,Deobstruent; aperient.
Deordination,Disorder; dissoluteness.
Deosculate,To kiss warmly.
Deoxidate,To deoxidize.
Deoxidation,The act or process of reducing from the state of an oxide.
Deoxidization,Deoxidation.
Deoxidize,To deprive of oxygen; to reduce from the state of an oxide.
Deoxygenate,To deoxidize.
Deoxygenation,The act or operation of depriving of oxygen.
Deoxygenize,To deoxidize.
Depaint,Painted.
Depainted,of Depaint
Depainting,of Depaint
Depainter,One who depaints.
Depardieux,In God's name; certainly.
Departed,of Depart
Departing,of Depart
Depart,To part; to divide; to separate.
Departable,Divisible.
Departer,One who refines metals by separation.
Department,Act of departing; departure.
Departmental,Pertaining to a department or division.
Departure,Division; separation; putting away.
Depascent,Feeding.
Depasture,To pasture; to feed; to graze; also  to use for pasture.
Depatriate,To withdraw  or cause to withdraw from one's country; to banish.
Depauperated,of Depauperate
Depauperating,of Depauperate
Depauperate,To make poor; to impoverish.
Depauperize,To free from paupers; to rescue from poverty.
Depeach,To discharge.
Depectible,Tough; thick; capable of extension.
Depeculation,A robbing or embezzlement.
Depeinct,To paint.
Depended,of Depend
Depending,of Depend
Dependable,Worthy of being depended on; trustworthy.
Dependant,Alt. of Dependancy
Dependance,Alt. of Dependancy
Dependancy,See Dependent  Dependence Dependency.
Dependencies,of Dependency
Dependent,Hanging down; as  a dependent bough or leaf.
Dependently,In a dependent manner.
Depender,One who depends; a dependent.
Dependingly,As having dependence.
Depeople,To depopulate.
Deperdit,That which is lost or destroyed.
Deperdition,Loss; destruction.
Depertible,Divisible.
Dephlegm,To rid of phlegm or water; to dephlegmate.
Dephlegmated,of Dephlegmate
Dephlegmating,of Dephlegmate
Dephlegmatory,Pertaining to  or producing dephlegmation.
Dephlegmedness,A state of being freed from water.
Dephlogisticated,of Dephlogisticcate
Dephlogisticating,of Dephlogisticcate
Dephosphorization,The act of freeing from phosphorous.
Depict,Depicted.
Depicted,of Depict
Depicting,of Depict
Depiction,A painting or depicting; a representation.
Depictured,of Depicture
Depicturing,of Depicture
Depicture,To make a picture of; to paint; to picture; to depict.
Depilated,of Depilate
Depilating,of Depilate
Depilate,To strip of hair; to husk.
Depilation,Act of pulling out or removing the hair; unhairing.
Depilatory,Having the quality or power of removing hair.
Depilous,Hairless.
Deplanate,Flattened; made level or even.
Deplant,To take up (plants); to transplant.
Deplantation,Act of taking up plants from beds.
Depleted,of Deplete
Depleting,of Deplete
Depletion,The act of depleting or emptying.
Depletive,Able or fitted to deplete.
Depletory,Serving to deplete.
Deplication,An unfolding  untwisting or unplaiting.
Deploitation,Same as Exploitation.
Deplorability,Deplorableness.
Deplorableness,State of being deplorable.
Deplorably,In a deplorable manner.
Deplorate,Deplorable.
Deploration,The act of deploring or lamenting; lamentation.
Deplored,of Deplore
Deploring,of Deplore
Deploredly,Lamentably.
Deploredness,The state of being deplored or deplorable.
Deplorement,Deploration.
Deplorre,One who deplores.
Deploringly,In a deploring manner.
Deployed,of Deploy
Deploying,of Deploy
Deplumate,Destitute or deprived of features; deplumed.
Deplumation,The stripping or falling off of plumes or feathers.
Deplumed,of Deplume
Depluming,of Deplume
Deplume,To strip or pluck off the feather of; to deprive of of plumage.
Depolarized,of Depolarize
Depolarizing,of Depolarize
Depolarize,To deprive of polarity; to reduce to an unpolarized condition.
Depolish,To remove the polish or glaze from.
Deponed,of Depone
Deponing,of Depone
Depone,To lay  as a stake; to wager.
Depopulacy,Depopulation; destruction of population.
Depopulated,of Depopulate
Depopulating,of Depopulate
Depopulator,One who depopulates; a dispeopler.
Deported,of Deport
Deporting,of Deport
Deport,To transport; to carry away; to exile; to send into banishment.
Deporture,Deportment.
Deposable,Capable of being deposed or deprived of office.
Deposal,The act of deposing from office; a removal from the throne.
Deposed,of Depose
Deposing,of Depose
Depose,To lay down; to divest one's self of; to lay aside.
Deposer,One who deposes or degrades from office.
Deposited,of Deposit
Depositing,of Deposit
Depositaries,of Depositary
Depositories,of Depository
Depositum,Deposit.
Depositure,The act of depositing; deposition.
Depper,Deeper.
Depravation,Detraction; depreciation.
Depraved,of Deprave
Depraving,of Deprave
Deprave,To speak ill of; to depreciate; to malign; to revile.
Depravedly,In a depraved manner.
Depravedness,Depravity.
Depravement,Depravity.
Depraver,One who deprave or corrupts.
Depravingly,In a depraving manner.
Deprecable,That may or should be deprecated.
Deprecated,of Deprecate
Deprecating,of Deprecate
Deprecatingly,In a deprecating manner.
Deprecative,Serving to deprecate; deprecatory.
Deprecator,One who deprecates.
Depreciated,of Depreciate
Depreciating,of Depreciate
Depreciator,One who depreciates.
Depreciatory,Tending to depreciate; undervaluing; depreciative.
Depredable,Liable to depredation.
Depredated,of Depredate
Depredating,of Depredate
Depredator,One who plunders or pillages; a spoiler; a robber.
Depreicate,To proclaim; to celebrate.
Deprehended,of Deprehend
Deprehending,of Deprehend
Deprehensible,That may be caught or discovered; apprehensible.
Deprehension,A catching; discovery.
Depressed,of Depress
Depressing,of Depress
Depressant,An agent or remedy which lowers the vital powers.
Depressingly,In a depressing manner.
Depression,The act of depressing.
Depressive,Able or tending to depress or cast down.
Depressor,One who  or that which presses down; an oppressor.
Depriment,Serving to depress.
Deprisure,Low estimation; disesteem; contempt.
Deprived,of Deprive
Depriving,of Deprive
Deprive,To take away; to put an end; to destroy.
Deprivement,Deprivation.
Depriver,One who  or that which deprives.
Deprostrate,Fully prostrate; humble; low; rude.
Deprovincialize,To divest of provincial quality or characteristics.
Depthen,To deepen.
Depthless,Having no depth; shallow.
Depucelate,To deflour; to deprive of virginity.
Depudicate,To deflour; to dishonor.
Depulse,To drive away.
Depulsion,A driving or thrusting away.
Depulsory,Driving or thrusting away; averting.
Depurant,Depurative.
Depurate,Depurated; cleansed; freed from impurities.
Depurated,of Depurate
Depurating,of Depurate
Depurative,Purifying the blood or the humors; depuratory.
Depurator,One who  or that which cleanses.
Depuratory,Depurating; tending to depurate or cleanse; depurative.
Depure,To depurate; to purify.
Depurgatory,Serving to purge; tending to cleanse or purify.
Depurition,See Depuration.
Deputable,Fit to be deputed; suitable to act as a deputy.
Deputator,One who deputes  or makes a deputation.
Deputed,of Depute
Deputing,of Depute
Deputies,of Deputy
Dequantitate,To diminish the quantity of; to disquantity.
Deracinated,of Deracinate
Deracinating,of Deracinate
Deracinate,To pluck up by the roots; to extirpate.
Deraination,The act of pulling up by the roots; eradication.
Deraign,Alt. of Derain
Derain,To prove or to refute by proof; to clear (one's self).
Deraignment,Alt. of Derainment
Derainment,The act of deraigning.
Derailed,of Derail
Derailing,of Derail
Deranged,of Derange
Deranging,of Derange
Deranger,One who deranges.
Deray,Disorder; merriment.
Derbio,A large European food fish (Lichia glauca).
Derdoing,Doing daring or chivalrous deeds.
Dere,To hurt; to harm; to injure.
Dereine,Alt. of Dereyne
Dereyne,Same as Darraign.
Dereligionize,To make irreligious; to turn from religion.
Dereling,Darling.
Derf,Strong; powerful; fierce.
Derided,of Deride
Deriding,of Deride
Deridingly,By way of derision or mockery.
Derisive,Expressing  serving for or characterized by derision.
Derisory,Derisive; mocking.
Derivably,By derivation.
Derival,Derivation.
Derivate,Derived; derivative.
Derivation,A leading or drawing off of water from a stream or source.
Derivational,Relating to derivation.
Derived,of Derive
Deriving,of Derive
Derivement,That which is derived; deduction; inference.
Deriver,One who derives.
Derk,Dark.
Derm,The integument of animal; the skin.
Derma,See Dermis.
Dermaptera,Alt. of Dermapteran
Dermapteran,See Dermoptera  Dermopteran.
Dermatic,Alt. of Dermatine
Dermatine,Of or pertaining to the skin.
Dermatitis,Inflammation of the skin.
Dermatography,An anatomical description of  or treatise on the skin.
Dermatoid,Resembling skin; skinlike.
Dermatopathic,Of or pertaining to skin diseases  or their cure.
Dermatophyte,A vegetable parasite  infesting the skin.
Dermestoid,Pertaining to or resembling the genus Dermestes.
Dermic,Relating to the derm or skin.
Dermobranchiata,A group of nudibranch mollusks without special gills.
Dermobranchiate,Having the skin modified to serve as a gill.
Dermoid,Same as Dermatoid.
Dermopathic,Dermatopathic.
Dermophyte,A dermatophyte.
Dermopteri,Same as Dermopterygii.
Dermoskeleton,See Exoskeleton.
Dermostosis,Ossification of the dermis.
Dern,A gatepost or doorpost.
Derne,To hide; to skulk.
Dernful,Secret; hence  lonely; sad; mournful.
Dernier,Last; final.
Dernly,Secretly; grievously; mournfully.
Derogant,Derogatory.
Derogated,of Derogate
Derogating,of Derogate
Derogately,In a derogatory manner.
Derogative,Derogatory.
Derogator,A detractor.
Derogatorily,In a derogatory manner; disparagingly.
Derogatoriness,Quality of being derogatory.
Derre,Dearer.
Derring,Daring or warlike.
Derth,Dearth; scarcity.
Dertrotheca,The horny covering of the end of the bill of birds.
Dervish,Alt. of Dervis
Dervise,Alt. of Dervis
Derworth,Precious.
Descanted,of Descant
Descanting,of Descant
Descanter,One who descants.
Descended,of Descend
Descending,of Descend
Descendant,Descendent.
Descendent,Descending; falling; proceeding from an ancestor or source.
Descender,One who descends.
Descendible,Admitting descent; capable of being descended.
Descendingly,In a descending manner.
Descensional,Pertaining to descension.
Descensive,Tending to descend; tending downwards; descending.
Descensory,A vessel used in alchemy to extract oils.
Describable,That can be described; capable of description.
Described,of Describe
Describing,of Describe
Describent,Same as Generatrix.
Describer,One who describes.
Descrier,One who descries.
Description,The act of describing; a delineation by marks or signs.
Descrive,To describe.
Descried,of Descry
Descrying,of Descry
Desecate,To cut  as with a scythe; to mow.
Desecrated,of Desecrate
Desecrating,of Desecrate
Desecrater,One who desecrates; a profaner.
Desecrator,One who desecrates.
Deserted,of Desert
Deserting,of Desert
Desertful,Meritorious.
Desertless,Without desert.
Desertlessly,Undeservedly.
Desertness,A deserted condition.
Desertrix,Alt. of Desertrice
Desertrice,A feminine deserter.
Deserved,of Deserve
Deserving,of Deserve
Deservedly,According to desert (whether good or evil); justly.
Deservedness,Meritoriousness.
Deserver,One who deserves.
Deshabille,An undress; a careless toilet.
Desiccant,Drying; desiccative.
Desiccated,of Desiccate
Desiccating,of Desiccate
Desiccation,The act of desiccating  or the state of being desiccated.
Desiccative,Drying; tending to dry.
Desiccator,One who  or that which desiccates.
Desiccatory,Desiccative.
Desiderable,Desirable.
Desiderata,See Desideratum.
Desiderated,of Desiderate
Desiderating,of Desiderate
Desiderate,To desire; to feel the want of; to lack; to miss; to want.
Desideration,Act of desiderating; also  the thing desired.
Desiderative,Denoting desire; as  desiderative verbs.
Desidiose,Alt. of Desidious
Desidious,Idle; lazy.
Desidiousness,The state or quality of being desidiose  or indolent.
Desight,An unsightly object.
Desightment,The act of making unsightly; disfigurement.
Designed,of Design
Designing,of Design
Designate,Designated; appointed; chosen.
Designated,of Designate
Designating,of Designate
Designation,The act of designating; a pointing out or showing; indication.
Designative,Serving to designate or indicate; pointing out.
Designatory,Serving to designate; designative; indicating.
Designer,One who designs  marks out or plans; a contriver.
Designful,Full of design; scheming.
Designless,Without design.
Designment,Delineation; sketch; design; ideal; invention.
Desilver,To deprive of silver; as  to desilver lead.
Desilverize,To deprive  or free from silver; to remove silver from.
Desinence,Termination; ending.
Desinent,Ending; forming an end; lowermost.
Desinential,Terminal.
Desipient,Foolish; silly; trifling.
Desirability,The state or quality of being desirable; desirableness.
Desirableness,The quality of being desirable.
Desirably,In a desirable manner.
Desired,of Desire
Desiring,of Desire
Desire,To long for; to wish for earnestly; to covet.
Desireful,Filled with desire; eager.
Desirefulness,The state of being desireful; eagerness to obtain and possess.
Desireless,Free from desire.
Desirer,One who desires  asks or wishes.
Desirously,With desire; eagerly.
Desirousness,The state of being desirous.
Desisted,of Desist
Desisting,of Desist
Desistance,The act or state of desisting; cessation.
Desistive,Final; conclusive; ending.
Desition,An end or ending.
Desitive,Final; serving to complete; conclusive.
Desked,of Desk
Desking,of Desk
Deskwork,Work done at a desk  as by a clerk or writer.
Desmid,Alt. of Desmidian
Desmobacteria,See Microbacteria.
Desmology,The science which treats of the ligaments.
Desmomyaria,The division of Tunicata which includes the Salpae. See Salpa.
Desolated,of Desolate
Desolating,of Desolate
Desolately,In a desolate manner.
Desolateness,The state of being desolate.
Desolater,One who  or that which desolates or lays waste.
Desolator,Same as Desolater.
Desolatory,Causing desolation.
Desophisticate,To clear from sophism or error.
Desoxalic,Made or derived from oxalic acid; as  desoxalic acid.
Despaired,of Despair
Despairing,of Despair
Despairer,One who despairs.
Despairful,Hopeless.
Desparple,To scatter; to disparkle.
Despatch,Same as Dispatch.
Despecfication,Discrimination.
Despect,Contempt.
Despection,A looking down; a despising.
Despeed,To send hastily.
Despend,To spend; to squander. See Dispend.
Desperadoes,of Desperado
Desperate,Without hope; given to despair; hopeless.
Desperateness,Desperation; virulence.
Despicability,Despicableness.
Despiciency,A looking down; despection.
Despisable,Despicable; contemptible.
Despisal,A despising; contempt.
Despised,of Despise
Despising,of Despise
Despisedness,The state of being despised.
Despisement,A despising.
Despiser,One who despises; a contemner; a scorner.
Despisingly,Contemptuously.
Despite,Malice; malignity; spite; malicious anger; contemptuous hate.
Despited,of Despite
Despiting,of Despite
Despiteously,Despitefully.
Despitous,Despiteous; very angry; cruel.
Despoiled,of Despoil
Despoiling,of Despoil
Despoil,To strip  as of clothing; to divest or unclothe.
Despoiler,One who despoils.
Despoilment,Despoliation.
Despoliation,A stripping or plundering; spoliation.
Desponded,of Despond
Desponding,of Despond
Despondence,Despondency.
Desponder,One who desponds.
Despondingly,In a desponding manner.
Desponsage,Betrothal.
Desponsate,To betroth.
Desponsation,A betrothing; betrothal.
Desponsories,of Desponsory
Desponsory,A written pledge of marriage.
Desport,See Disport.
Despotic,Alt. of Despotical
Despotist,A supporter of despotism.
Despotize,To act the despot.
Despread,See Dispread.
Despumated,of Despumate
Despumating,of Despumate
Despume,To free from spume or scum.
Desquamative,Alt. of Desquamatory
Desquamatory,Of  pertaining to or attended with desquamation.
Dess,Dais.
Destemper,A kind of painting. See Distemper.
Destin,Destiny.
Destinable,Determined by destiny; fated.
Destinably,In a destinable manner.
Destinal,Determined by destiny; fated.
Destinate,Destined.
Destination,The act of destining or appointing.
Destined,of Destine
Destining,of Destine
Destinist,A believer in destiny; a fatalist.
Destinies,of Destiny
Destituent,Deficient; wanting; as  a destituent condition.
Destitutely,In destitution.
Destituteness,Destitution.
Destrer,Alt. of Dextrer
Dextrer,A war horse.
Destrie,To destroy.
Destroyed,of Destroy
Destroying,of Destroy
Destroyable,Destructible.
Destroyer,One who destroys  ruins kills or desolates.
Destruct,To destroy.
Destructibility,The quality of being capable of destruction; destructibleness.
Destructible,Liable to destruction; capable of being destroyed.
Destructibleness,The quality of being destructible.
Destructively,In a destructive manner.
Destructiveness,The quality of destroying or ruining.
Destructor,A destroyer.
Destruie,To destroy.
Desuete,Disused; out of use.
Desulphurated,of Desulphurate
Desulphurating,of Desulphurate
Desulphurate,To deprive of sulphur.
Desulphuration,The act or process of depriving of sulphur.
Desulphurize,To desulphurate; to deprive of sulphur.
Desultorily,In a desultory manner; without method; loosely; immethodically.
Desultorious,Desultory.
Desultory,Leaping or skipping about.
Desume,To select; to borrow.
Desynonymization,The act of desynonymizing.
Detached,of Detach
Detaching,of Detach
Detachable,That can be detached.
Detailed,of Detail
Detailing,of Detail
Detailer,One who details.
Detained,of Detain
Detaining,of Detain
Detain,To keep back or from; to withhold.
Detainder,A writ. See Detinue.
Detainer,One who detains.
Detainment,Detention.
Detect,Detected.
Detected,of Detect
Detecting,of Detect
Detectable,Alt. of Detectible
Detector,One who  or that which detects; a detecter.
Detenebrate,To remove darkness from.
Detention,The act of detaining or keeping back; a withholding.
Deterred,of Deter
Deterring,of Deter
Deterged,of Deterge
Deterging,of Deterge
Detergency,A cleansing quality or power.
Detergent,Cleansing; purging.
Deteriorated,of Deteriorate
Deteriorating,of Deteriorate
Deteriority,Worse state or quality; inferiority.
Determent,The act of deterring; also  that which deters.
Determinability,The quality of being determinable; determinableness.
Determinableness,Capability of being determined; determinability.
Determinacy,Determinateness.
Determinant,Serving to determine or limit; determinative.
Determinately,In a determinate manner; definitely; ascertainably.
Determinateness,State of being determinate.
Determination,The act of determining  or the state of being determined.
Determinator,One who determines.
Determined,of Determine
Determining,of Determine
Determine,To fix the boundaries of; to mark off and separate.
Determinedly,In a determined manner; with determination.
Determiner,One who  or that which determines or decides.
Deterrence,That which deters; a deterrent; a hindrance.
Deterrent,Serving to deter.
Detersion,The act of deterging or cleansing  as a sore.
Detersive,Cleansing; detergent.
Detersively,In a way to cleanse.
Detersiveness,The quality of cleansing.
Detested,of Detest
Detesting,of Detest
Detest,To witness against; to denounce; to condemn.
Detestability,Capacity of being odious.
Detestableness,The quality or state of being detestable.
Detestably,In a detestable manner.
Detesttate,To detest.
Detester,One who detes//
Dethroned,of Dethrone
Dethroning,of Dethrone
Dethronement,Deposal from a throne; deposition from regal power.
Dethroner,One who dethrones.
Dethronization,Dethronement.
Dethronize,To dethrone or unthrone.
Detinue,A person or thing detained
Detonated,of Detonate
Detonating,of Detonate
Detonator,One who  or that which detonates.
Detonization,The act of detonizing; detonation.
Detonized,of Detonize
Detonizing,of Detonize
Detorsion,Same as Detortion.
Detorted,of Detort
Detorting,of Detort
Detracted,of Detract
Detracting,of Detract
Detract,To take away; to withdraw.
Detracter,One who detracts; a detractor.
Detractingly,In a detracting manner.
Detraction,A taking away or withdrawing.
Detractious,Containing detraction; detractory.
Detractive,Tending to detractor draw.
Detractiveness,The quality of being detractive.
Detracor,One who detracts; a derogator; a defamer.
Detractory,Defamatory by denial of desert; derogatory; calumnious.
Detractress,A female detractor.
Detrain,To alight  or to cause to alight from a railway train.
Detrect,To refuse; to decline.
Detrimental,Causing detriment; injurious; hurtful.
Detrimentalness,The quality of being detrimental; injuriousness.
Detrital,Pertaining to  or composed of detritus.
Detrite,Worn out.
Detrition,A wearing off or away.
Detruded,of Detrude
Detruding,of Detrude
Detrude,To thrust down or out; to push down with force.
Detruncated,of Detuncate
Detruncating,of Detuncate
Detuncate,To shorten by cutting; to cut off; to lop off.
Detruncation,The act of lopping or cutting off  as the head from the body.
Detrusion,The act of thrusting or driving down or outward; outward thrust.
Dette,Debt.
Detteles,Free from debt.
Detumescence,Diminution of swelling; subsidence of anything swollen.
Deturb,To throw down.
Deturbate,To evict; to remove.
Deturbation,The act of deturbating.
Deturn,To turn away.
Deturpate,To defile; to disfigure.
Deturpation,A making foul.
Deuce,Two; a card or a die with two spots; as  the deuce of hearts.
Deuced,Devilish; excessive; extreme.
Deuse,Alt. of Deused
Deused,See Deuce  Deuced.
Deuterogamist,One who marries the second time.
Deuteronomist,The writer of Deuteronomy.
Deuteropathia,Alt. of Deuteropathy
Deuteropathic,Pertaining to deuteropathy; of the nature of deuteropathy.
Deuteroscopy,Second sight.
Deuthydroguret,Same as Deutohydroguret.
Deuto-,Alt. of Deut-
Deutoplastic,Pertaining to  or composed of deutoplasm.
Deutosulphuret,A disulphide.
Deutzia,A genus of shrubs with pretty white flowers  much cultivated.
Dev,Alt. of Deva
Deva,A god; a deity; a divine being; an idol; a king.
Devanagari,The character in which Sanskrit is written.
Devaporation,The change of vapor into water  as in the formation of rain.
Devast,To devastate.
Devastated,of Devastate
Devastating,of Devastate
Devastate,To lay waste; to ravage; to desolate.
Devastator,One who  or that which devastates.
Devata,A deity; a divine being; a good spirit; an idol.
Deve,Deaf.
Develin,The European swift.
Developed,of Develop
Developing,of Develop
Developable,Capable of being developed.
Developer,One who  or that which develops.
Devenustate,To deprive of beauty or grace.
Devergence,Alt. of Devergency
Devergency,See Divergence.
Devested,of Devest
Devesting,of Devest
Devest,To divest; to undress.
Devex,Bending down; sloping.
Devexity,A bending downward; a sloping; incurvation downward; declivity.
Devi,; fem. of Deva. A goddess.
Deviant,Deviating.
Deviated,of Deviate
Deviating,of Deviate
Deviator,One who  or that which deviates.
Deviatory,Tending to deviate; devious; as  deviatory motion.
Deviceful,Full of devices; inventive.
Devicefully,In a deviceful manner.
Deviled,of Devil
Devilled,of Devil
Deviling,of Devil
Devilling,of Devil
Devil-diver,Alt. of Devil bird
Devil bird,A small water bird. See Dabchick.
Deviless,A she-devil.
Devilet,A little devil.
Devilize,To make a devil of.
Devilkin,A little devil; a devilet.
Devilment,Deviltry.
Devilries,of Devilry
Devilry,Conduct suitable to the devil; extreme wickedness; deviltry.
Devil's darning-needle,A dragon fly. See Darning needle  under Darn v. t.
Devilship,The character or person of a devil or the devil.
Deviltries,of Deviltry
Deviltry,Diabolical conduct; malignant mischief; devilry.
Devirginate,Deprived of virginity.
Devirgination,A deflouring.
Devisable,Capable of being devised  invented or contrived.
Devisal,A devising.
Devised,of Devise
Devising,of Devise
Devisee,One to whom a devise is made  or real estate given by will.
Deviser,One who devises.
Devitable,Avoidable.
Devitalize,To deprive of life or vitality.
Devitation,An avoiding or escaping; also  a warning.
Devocalize,To make toneless; to deprive of vowel quality.
Devocation,A calling off or away.
Devoid,To empty out; to remove.
Devolute,To devolve.
Devolution,The act of rolling down.
Devolved,of Devolve
Devolving,of Devolve
Devolve,To roll onward or downward; to pass on.
Devolvement,The act or process of devolving;; devolution.
Devoration,The act of devouring.
Devotary,A votary.
Devoted,of Devote
Devoting,of Devote
Devotement,The state of being devoted  or set apart by a vow.
Devoter,One who devotes; a worshiper.
Devotion,The act of devoting; consecration.
Devotionalist,Alt. of Devotionist
Devotionist,One given to devotion  esp. to excessive formal devotion.
Devotionality,The practice of a devotionalist.
Devotionally,In a devotional manner; toward devotion.
Devoto,A devotee.
Devotor,A worshiper; one given to devotion.
Devoured,of Devour
Devouring,of Devour
Devourable,That may be devoured.
Devourer,One who  or that which devours.
Devouringly,In a devouring manner.
Devoutful,Full of devotion.
Devoutless,Destitute of devotion.
Devoutly,In a devout and reverent manner; with devout emotions; piously.
Devoutness,Quality or state of being devout.
Devove,To devote.
Devow,To give up; to devote.
Devulgarize,To free from what is vulgar  common or narrow.
Dewed,of Dew
Dewing,of Dew
Dewdrop,A drop of dew.
Dewfall,The falling of dew; the time when dew begins to fall.
Dewiness,State of being dewy.
Dewlapped,Furnished with a dewlap.
Dewless,Having no dew.
Dewret,To ret or rot by the process called dewretting.
Dewworm,See Earthworm.
Dewy,Pertaining to dew; resembling  consisting of or moist with dew.
Dexterical,Dexterous.
Dexterity,Right-handedness.
Dexterously,In a dexterous manner; skillfully.
Dexterousness,The quality of being dexterous; dexterity.
Dextrad,Toward the right side; dextrally.
Dextral,Right  as opposed to sinistral or left.
Dextrally,Towards the right; as  the hands of a watch rotate dextrally.
Dextrogerous,See Dextrogyrate.
Dextroglucose,Same as Dextrose.
Dextrogyrate,Same as Dextrorotatory.
Dextronic,Pertaining to  or derived from dextrose; as dextronic acid.
Dextrorotary,See Dextrotatory.
Dextrorsal,Alt. of Dextrorse
Dextrous,Alt. of Dextrousness
Dextrously,Alt. of Dextrousness
Dextrousness,Same as Dexterous  Dexterously etc.
Dey,A servant who has charge of the dairy; a dairymaid.
Deys,of Dey
Deye,To die.
Deynte,Alt. of Deyntee
Deyntee,See Dainty.
Dezincify,To deprive of  or free from zinc.
Dhony,A Ceylonese boat. See Doni.
Dhoorra,Alt. of Dhurra
Dhourra,Alt. of Dhurra
Dhurra,Indian millet. See Durra.
Di-,A prefix  signifying twofold double twice
Dia-,Alt. of Di-
Diabaterial,Passing over the borders.
Diabetic,Alt. of Diabetical
Diabetical,Pertaining to diabetes; as  diabetic or diabetical treatment.
Diablerie,Alt. of Diabley
Diabley,Devilry; sorcery or incantation; a diabolical deed; mischief.
Diabolic,Alt. of Diabolical
Diabolism,Character  action or principles appropriate to the devil.
Diabolize,To render diabolical.
Diacatholicon,A universal remedy; -- name formerly to a purgative electuary.
Diachylon,Alt. of Diachylum
Diacodium,A sirup made of poppies.
Diaconal,Of or pertaining to a deacon.
Diacope,Tmesis.
Diacoustic,Pertaining to the science or doctrine of refracted sounds.
Diacritic,Alt. of Diacritical
Diadelphian,Alt. of Diadelphous
Diaereses,of Dieresis
Diereses,of Dieresis
Diaeresis,Alt. of Dieresis
Diaeretic,Caustic.
Diageotropic,Relating to  or exhibiting diageotropism.
Diaglyph,An intaglio.
Diaglyphic,Alt. of Diaglyphtic
Diagnose,To ascertain by diagnosis; to diagnosticate. See Diagnosticate.
Diagnoses,of Diagnosis
Diagonally,In a diagonal direction.
Diagonial,Diagonal; diametrical; hence; diametrically opposed.
Diagraph,A drawing instrument  combining a protractor and scale.
Diagraphic,Alt. of Diagraphical
Diagraphical,Descriptive.
Diaheliotropic,Relating or  or manifesting diaheliotropism.
Dialed,of Dial
Dialled,of Dial
Dialing,of Dial
Dialling,of Dial
Dialectal,Relating to a dialect; dialectical; as  a dialectical variant.
Dialectic,Same as Dialectics.
Dialectical,Pertaining to dialectics; logical; argumental.
Dialectically,In a dialectical manner.
Dialectician,One versed in dialectics; a logician; a reasoner.
Dialector,One skilled in dialectics.
Dialist,A maker of dials; one skilled in dialing.
Dialogical,Relating to a dialogue; dialogistical.
Dialogically,In the manner or nature of a dialogue.
Dialogism,An imaginary speech or discussion between two or more; dialogue.
Dialogist,A speaker in a dialogue.
Dialogistic,Alt. of Dialogistical
Dialogite,Native carbonate of manganese; rhodochrosite.
Dialogize,To discourse in dialogue.
Dialypetalous,Having separate petals; polypetalous.
Dialyses,of Dialysis
Dialysis,Diaeresis. See Diaeresis  1.
Dialytic,Having the quality of unloosing or separating.
Dialyzate,The material subjected to dialysis.
Dialyzation,The act or process of dialysis.
Dialyzed,of Dialyze
Dialyzing,of Dialyze
Dialyzer,The instrument or medium used to effect chemical dialysis.
Diamagnet,A body having diamagnetic polarity.
Diamagnetically,In the manner of  or according to diamagnetism.
Diamantiferous,Yielding diamonds.
Diamantine,Adamantine.
Diametral,Pertaining to a diameter; diametrical.
Diametrally,Diametrically.
Diametric,Alt. of Diametrical
Diametrical,Of or pertaining to a diameter.
Diametrically,In a diametrical manner; directly; as  diametrically opposite.
Diamido-,A prefix or combining form of Diamine. [Also used adjectively.]
Diamonded,Having figures like a diamond or lozenge.
Diamondize,To set with diamonds; to adorn; to enrich.
Diamond-shaped,Shaped like a diamond or rhombus.
Dian,Diana.
Diandria,A Linnaean class of plants having two stamens.
Diandrian,Diandrous.
Diandrous,Of or pertaining to the class Diandria; having two stamens.
Dianium,Same as Columbium.
Dianoetic,Pertaining to the discursive faculty  its acts or products.
Dianoialogy,The science of the dianoetic faculties  and their operations.
Diapase,Same as Diapason.
Diapente,The interval of the fifth.
Diapering,Same as Diaper  n. 2.
Diaphaned,Transparent or translucent.
Diaphaneity,The quality of being diaphanous; transparency; pellucidness.
Diaphanic,Having power to transmit light; transparent; diaphanous.
Diaphanie,The art of imitating //ined glass with translucent paper.
Diaphanometer,An instrument for measuring the transparency of the air.
Diaphanously,Translucently.
Diaphonic,Alt. of Diaphonical
Diaphonical,Diacoustic.
Diaphonics,The doctrine of refracted sound; diacoustics.
Diaphoresis,Perspiration  or an increase of perspiration.
Diaphoretic,Alt. of Diaphoretical
Diaphoretical,Having the power to increase perspiration.
Diaphote,An instrument designed for transmitting pictures by telegraph.
Diaphysis,An abnormal prolongation of the axis of inflorescence.
Diapophysical,Pertaining to a diapophysis.
Diarial,Alt. of Diarian
Diarian,Pertaining to a diary; daily.
Diarist,One who keeps a diary.
Diarrhea,Alt. of Diarrhoea
Diarrheal,Alt. of Diarrhoeal
Diarrhoeal,Of or pertaining to diarrhea; like diarrhea.
Diarrhetic,Alt. of Diarrhoetic
Diarrhoetic,Producing diarrhea  or a purging.
Diarthrodial,Relating to diarthrosis  or movable articulations.
Diaries,of Diary
Diastasic,Pertaining to  or consisting of diastase; as diastasic ferment.
Diastasis,A forcible of bones without fracture.
Diastem,Intervening space; interval.
Diastema,A vacant space  or gap esp. between teeth in a jaw.
Diastolic,Of or pertaining to diastole.
Diastyle,See under Intercolumniation.
Diatessaron,The interval of a fourth.
Diathermal,Freely permeable by radiant heat.
Diathermancy,Alt. of Diathermaneity
Diathermic,Affording a free passage to heat; as  diathermic substances.
Diathermous,Same as Diathermal.
Diatomic,Containing two atoms.
Diatonically,In a diatonic manner.
Diatribist,One who makes a diatribe or diatribes.
Diatryma,An extinct eocene bird from New Mexico  larger than the ostrich.
Diazeuctic,Alt. of Diazeutic
Dib,To dip.
Dibasicity,The property or condition of being dibasic.
Dibber,A dibble.
Dibbled,of Dibble
Dibbling,of Dibble
Dibranchiate,Having two gills.
Dibstone,A pebble used in a child's game called dibstones.
Dicacious,Talkative; pert; saucy.
Dicacity,Pertness; sauciness.
Dicalcic,Having two atoms or equivalents of calcium to the molecule.
Dicastery,A court of justice; judgment hall.
Die,of Dice
Diced,of Dice
Dicing,of Dice
Dicebox,A box from which dice are thrown in gaming.
Dicephalous,Having two heads on one body; double-headed.
Dicer,A player at dice; a dice player; a gamester.
Dich,To ditch.
Dichastic,Capable of subdividing spontaneously.
Dichlamydeous,Having two coverings  a calyx and in corolla.
Dichloride,Same as Bichloride.
Dichogamous,Manifesting dichogamy.
Dichotomist,One who dichotomizes.
Dichotomized,of Dichotomize
Dichotomizing,of Dichotomize
Dichotomy,A cutting in two; a division.
Dichroic,Having the property of dichroism; as  a dichroic crystal.
Dichroiscope,Same as Dichroscope.
Dichroitic,Dichroic.
Dichromatic,Having or exhibiting two colors.
Dichromatism,The state of being dichromatic.
Dichroous,Dichroic.
Dichroscope,An instrument for examining the dichroism of crystals.
Dichroscopic,Pertaining to the dichroscope  or to observations with it.
Dickcissel,The American black-throated bunting (Spiza Americana).
Dickens,The devil.
Dickey,Alt. of Dicky
Dicky,A seat behind a carriage  for a servant.
Diclinous,Having the stamens and pistils in separate flowers.
Dicotyledonous,Having two cotyledons or seed lobes; as  a dicotyledonous plant.
Dicrotal,Alt. of Dicrotous
Dicrotous,Dicrotic.
Dicrotic,Of or pertaining to dicrotism; as  a dicrotic pulse.
Dicta,See Dictum.
Dictamen,A dictation or dictate.
Dictated,of Dictate
Dictating,of Dictate
Dictatorial,Pertaining or suited to a dictator; absolute.
Dictatorian,Dictatorial.
Dictatory,Dogmatical; overbearing; dictatorial.
Dictatress,A woman who dictates or commands.
Dictatrix,A dictatress.
Dictature,Office of a dictator; dictatorship.
Dictionalrian,A lexicographer.
Dictionaries,of Dictionary
Dictums,of Dictum
Dictum,An authoritative statement; a dogmatic saying; an apothegm.
Dicyemid,Like or belonging to the Dicyemata.
Did,imp. of Do.
Didactic,Alt. of Didactical
Didactically,In a didactic manner.
Didacticism,The didactic method or system.
Didacticity,Aptitude for teaching.
Didactics,The art or science of teaching.
Didactyl,An animal having only two digits.
Didactylous,Having only two digits; two-toed.
Didal,A kind of triangular spade.
Didapper,See Dabchick.
Didascalar,Didascalic.
Didascalic,Didactic; preceptive.
Diddle,To totter  as a child in walking.
Diddler,A cheat.
Didelphian,Of or relating to the Didelphia.
Didelphic,Having the uterus double; of or pertaining to the Didelphia.
Didelphid,Same as Didelphic.
Didelphous,Didelphic.
Didelphyc,Same as Didelphic.
Didine,Like or pertaining to the genus Didus  or the dodo.
Didos,of Dido
Dido,A shrewd trick; an antic; a caper.
Didrachm,Alt. of Didrachma
Didst,the 2d pers. sing. imp. of Do.
Diducement,Diduction; separation into distinct parts.
Diduction,The act of drawing apart; separation.
Didym,See Didymium.
Didymous,Growing in pairs or twins.
Didynamian,Didynamous.
Died,of Die
Dying,of Die
Dies,of Die
Diecian,Alt. of Diecious
Diecious,See Dioecian  and Dioecious.
Diedral,The same as Dihedral.
Diegesis,A narrative or history; a recital or relation.
Dielytra,See Dicentra.
Diesinker,An engraver of dies for stamping coins  medals etc.
Diesinking,The process of engraving dies.
Dieses,of Diesis
Dies juridici,of Dies juridicus
Dies juridicus,A court day.
Diestock,A stock to hold the dies used for cutting screws.
Dieted,of Diet
Dieting,of Diet
Dietary,Pertaining to diet  or to the rules of diet.
Dietaries,of Dietary
Dietetic,Alt. of Dietetical
Dietetically,In a dietetical manner.
Dietic,Dietetic.
Dietical,Dietetic.
Dietine,A subordinate or local assembly; a diet of inferior rank.
Dietist,Alt. of Dietitian
Dietitian,One skilled in dietetics.
Diffame,Evil name; bad reputation; defamation.
Differed,of Differ
Differing,of Differ
Differenced,of Difference
Differencing,of Difference
Different,Distinct; separate; not the same; other.
Differentiae,of Differentia
Differentially,In the way of differentiation.
Differentiation,The act of differentiating.
Differentiator,One who  or that which differentiates.
Differently,In a different manner; variously.
Differingly,In a differing or different manner.
Difficile,Difficult; hard to manage; stubborn.
Difficilitate,To make difficult.
Difficultate,To render difficult; to difficilitate.
Difficultly,With difficulty.
Difficultness,Difficulty.
Difficulties,of Difficulty
Diffide,To be distrustful.
Diffidency,See Diffidence.
Diffident,Wanting confidence in others; distrustful.
Diffidently,In a diffident manner.
Diffind,To split.
Diffine,To define.
Diffinitive,Definitive; determinate; final.
Diffission,Act of cleaving or splitting.
Difflation,A blowing apart or away.
Diffluence,Alt. of Diffluency
Diffluency,A flowing off on all sides; fluidity.
Diffluent,Flowing apart or off; dissolving; not fixed.
Difformity,Irregularity of form; diversity of form; want of uniformity.
Diffracted,of Diffract
Diffracting,of Diffract
Diffractive,That produces diffraction.
Diffranchise,Alt. of Diffranchisement
Diffranchisement,See Disfranchise  Disfranchisement.
Diffused,of Diffuse
Diffusing,of Diffuse
Diffusely,In a diffuse manner.
Diffuser,One who  or that which diffuses.
Diffusibleness,Diffusibility.
Diffusively,In a diffusive manner.
Dug,of Dig
Digged,of Dig
Digging,of Dig
Digamist,One who marries a second time; a deuterogamist.
Digammate,Alt. of Digammated
Digamy,Act  or state of being twice married; deuterogamy.
Digenous,Sexually reproductive.
Digerent,Digesting.
Digested,of Digest
Digesting,of Digest
Digestedly,In a digested or well-arranged manner; methodically.
Digester,One who digests.
Digestibility,The quality of being digestible.
Digestible,Capable of being digested.
Digestibleness,The quality of being digestible; digestibility.
Digestor,See Digester.
Digesture,Digestion.
Diggable,Capable of being dug.
Digger,One who  or that which digs.
Dight,of Dight
Dighted,of Dight
Dighting,of Dight
Dighter,One who dights.
Digitalis,A genus of plants including the foxglove.
Digitate,To point out as with the finger.
Digitigrade,Walking on the toes; -- distinguished from plantigrade.
Digitipartite,Parted like the fingers.
Digitize,To finger; as  to digitize a pen.
Digitule,A little finger or toe  or something resembling one.
Digladiation,Act of digladiating.
Diglottism,Bilingualism.
Dignation,The act of thinking worthy; honor.
Digne,Worthy; honorable; deserving.
Dignification,The act of dignifying; exaltation.
Dignified,Marked with dignity; stately; as  a dignified judge.
Dignifying,of Dignify
Dignitaries,of Dignitary
Dignities,of Dignity
Dignotion,Distinguishing mark; diagnostic.
Digonous,Having two angles.
Digram,A digraph.
Digraphic,Of or pertaining to a digraph.
Digressed,of Digress
Digressing,of Digress
Digressively,By way of digression.
Digue,A bank; a dike.
Digynia,A Linnaean order of plants having two styles.
Digynian,Alt. of Digynous
Digynous,Of or pertaining to the Digynia; having two styles.
Dihedral,Having two plane faces; as  the dihedral summit of a crystal.
Dihedron,A figure with two sides or surfaces.
Diiamb,A diiambus.
Diiambus,A double iambus; a foot consisting of two iambuses (/ / / /).
Dijudicant,One who dijudicates.
Dijudicated,of Dijudicate
Dijucating,of Dijudicate
Dijudicate,To make a judicial decision; to decide; to determine.
Dijudication,The act of dijudicating; judgment.
Dike,A ditch; a channel for water made by digging.
Diked,of Dike
Diking,of Dike
Diker,A ditcher.
Dilacerated,of Dilacerate
Dilacerating,of Dilacerate
Dilacerate,To rend asunder; to tear to pieces.
Dilaceration,The act of rending asunder.
Dilaniate,To rend in pieces; to tear.
Dilaniation,A rending or tearing in pieces; dilaceration.
Dilapidated,of Dilapidate
Dilapidating,of Dilapidate
Dilapidator,One who causes dilapidation.
Dilatation,Prolixity; diffuse discourse.
Dilatator,A muscle which dilates any part; a dilator.
Dilated,of Dilate
Dilating,of Dilate
Dilatedly,In a dilated manner.
Dilater,One who  or that which dilates expands o r enlarges.
Dilation,Delay.
Dilative,Causing dilation; tending to dilate  on enlarge; expansive.
Dilator,One who  or that which widens or expands.
Dilatorily,With delay; tardily.
Dildo,A burden in popular songs.
Dilection,Love; choice.
Dilettanti,of Dilettante
Dilettanteish,Somewhat like a dilettante.
Dilettantish,Dilettanteish.
Dilettantism,Same as Dilettanteism.
Diligency,Diligence; care; persevering endeavor.
Dilling,A darling; a favorite.
Dilluing,A process of sorting ore by washing in a hand sieve.
Dilly,A kind of stagecoach.
Dilly-dally,To loiter or trifle; to waste time.
Dilogical,Ambiguous; of double meaning.
Dilogies,of Dilogy
Dilucid,Clear; lucid.
Dilucidate,To elucidate.
Dilucidation,The act of making clear.
Diluent,Diluting; making thinner or weaker by admixture  esp. of water.
Diluted,of Dilute
Diluting,of Dilute
Diluteness,The quality or state of being dilute.
Dilution,The act of diluting  or the state of being diluted.
Diluvialist,One who explains geological phenomena by the Noachian deluge.
Diluviate,To run as a flood.
Diluviums,of Diluvium
Diluvia,of Diluvium
Dimmed,of Dim
Dimming,of Dim
Dimble,A bower; a dingle.
Dimensional,Pertaining to dimension.
Dimensioned,Having dimensions.
Dimensionless,Without dimensions; having no appreciable or noteworthy extent.
Dimensity,Dimension.
Dimensive,Without dimensions; marking dimensions or the limits.
Dimera,A division of Coleoptera  having two joints to the tarsi.
Dimeran,One of the Dimera.
Dimerous,Composed of  or having two parts of each kind.
Dimeter,Having two poetical measures or meters.
Dimetric,Same as Tetragonal.
Dimication,A fight; contest.
Dimidiate,Divided into two equal parts; reduced to half in shape or form.
Dimidiated,of Dimidiate
Dimidiating,of Dimidiate
Dimidiation,The act of dimidiating or halving; the state of being dimidiate.
Diminished,of Diminish
Diminishing,of Diminish
Diminishable,Capable of being diminished or lessened.
Diminisher,One who  or that which diminishes anything.
Diminishingly,In a manner to diminish.
Diminishment,Diminution.
Diminuent,Lessening.
Diminutal,Indicating or causing diminution.
Diminute,Small; diminished; diminutive.
Diminutely,Diminutively.
Diminutival,Indicating diminution; diminutive.
Diminutive,Below the average size; very small; little.
Diminutively,In a diminutive manner.
Dimish,See Dimmish.
Dimission,Leave to depart; a dismissing.
Dimit,To dismiss  let go or release.
Dimmish,Alt. of Dimmy
Dimmy,Somewhat dim; as  dimmish eyes.
Dimorphic,Having the property of dimorphism; dimorphous.
Dimpled,of Dimple
Dimpling,of Dimple
Dimplement,The state of being dimpled  or marked with gentle depressions.
Dim-sighted,Having dim sight; lacking perception.
Dimya,Alt. of Dimyaria
Dimyarian,Like or pertaining to the Dimya.
Dimyary,Same as Dimyarian.
Dinned,of Din
Dinning,of Din
Dinar,A petty money of accounts of Persia.
Dinarchy,See Diarchy.
Dined,of Dine
Dining,of Dine
Dine,To eat the principal regular meal of the day; to take dinner.
Diner,One who dines.
Diner-out,One who often takes his dinner away from home  or in company.
Dinetical,Revolving on an axis.
Dinged,of Ding
Dung,of Ding
Dinging,of Ding
Ding,To dash; to throw violently.
Dingey,Alt. of Dinghy
Dingy,Alt. of Dinghy
Dinghy,A kind of boat used in the East Indies.
Dingily,In a dingy manner.
Dinginess,Quality of being dingy; a dusky hue.
Dingle-dangle,In a dangling manner.
Dingthrift,A spendthrift.
Dink,Trim; neat.
Dinmont,A wether sheep between one and two years old.
Dinnerless,Having no dinner.
Dinnerly,Of or pertaining to dinner.
Dinosaur,Alt. of Dinosaurian
Dinosaurian,One of the Dinosauria.
Dinothere,Alt. of Dinotherium
Dinoxide,Same as Dioxide.
Dinsome,Full of din.
Dint,A blow; a stroke.
Dinted,of Dint
Dinting,of Dint
Dinumeration,Enumeration.
Diocesan,Of or pertaining to a diocese; as  diocesan missions.
Dioceses,of Diocese
Diocesener,One who belongs to a diocese.
Diodont,Like or pertaining to the genus Diodon.
Dioecian,Alt. of Dioecious
Dioeciously,In a dioecious manner.
Dioeciousness,The state or quality of being dioecious.
Dioecism,The condition of being dioecious.
Dioicous,See Dioecious.
Dionaea,An insectivorous plant. See Venus's flytrap.
Diophantine,Originated or taught by Diophantus  the Greek writer on algebra.
Diopter,Alt. of Dioptra
Dioptry,A dioptre.
Dioramic,Pertaining to a diorama.
Diorism,Definition; logical direction.
Dioristic,Distinguishing; distinctive; defining.
Dioritic,Containing diorite.
Dioscorea,A genus of plants. See Yam.
Diota,A vase or drinking cup having two handles or ears.
Dipped,of Dip
Dipt,of Dip
Dipping,of Dip
Dipaschal,Including two passovers.
Dipchick,See Dabchick.
Dipetalous,Having two petals; two-petaled.
Diphtherial,Alt. of Diphtheric
Diphtheric,Relating to diphtheria; diphtheritic.
Diphtheritic,Pertaining to  or connected with diphtheria.
Diphthongalize,To make into a diphthong; to pronounce as a diphthong.
Diphthongation,See Diphthongization.
Diphthongic,Of the nature of diphthong; diphthongal.
Diphthongization,The act of changing into a diphthong.
Diphygenic,Having two modes of embryonic development.
Diphyllous,Having two leaves  as a calyx etc.
Diphyozooid,One of the free-swimming sexual zooids of Siphonophora.
Diplanar,Of or pertaining to two planes.
Diploblastic,Characterizing the ovum when it has two primary germinal layers.
Diplococci,of Diplococcus
Diploetic,Diploic.
Diplogenic,Partaking of the nature of two bodies; producing two substances.
Diploic,Of or pertaining to the diploe.
Diplomas,of Diploma
Diplomat,Alt. of Diplomate
Diplomate,A diplomatist.
Diplomatial,Diplomatic.
Diplomatic,Alt. of Diplomatical
Diplomatism,Diplomacy.
Diplomatist,A person employed in  or skilled in diplomacy; a diplomat.
Diplopia,Alt. of Diplopy
Diplopy,The act or state of seeing double.
Diplopod,One of the Diplopoda.
Diplostemonous,Having twice as many stamens as petals  as the geranium.
Diplostemony,The condition of being diplostemonous.
Dipneumona,A group of spiders having only two lunglike organs.
Dipodies,of Dipody
Dipody,Two metrical feet taken together  or included in one measure.
Dipolar,Having two poles  as a magnetic bar.
Dippel's oil,See Bone oil  under Bone.
Diprismatic,Doubly prismatic.
Dipsas,A serpent whose bite was fabled to produce intense thirst.
Dipsetic,Tending to produce thirst.
Dipsomaniac,One who has an irrepressible desire for alcoholic drinks.
Dipsomaniacal,Of or pertaining to dipsomania.
Dipsosis,Excessive thirst produced by disease.
Dipteral,Having two wings only; belonging to the order Diptera.
Dipteran,An insect of the order Diptera.
Dipterygian,Having two dorsal fins; -- said of certain fishes.
Diptote,A noun which has only two cases.
Diptych,Anything consisting of two leaves.
Dipyrenous,Containing two stones or nutlets.
Diradiation,The emission and diffusion of rays of light.
Dire,Ill-boding; portentous; as  dire omens.
Directed,of Direct
Directing,of Direct
Directer,One who directs; a director.
Directly,In a direct manner; in a straight line or course.
Directorate,The office of director; also  a body of directors taken jointly.
Directorship,The condition or office of a director; directorate.
Directory,Containing directions; enjoining; instructing; directorial.
Directories,of Directory
Directress,A woman who directs.
Directrixes,of Directrix
Directrix,A directress.
Direly,In a dire manner.
Dirempt,Divided; separated.
Diremption,A tearing apart; violent separation.
Direness,Terribleness; horror; woefulness.
Direption,The act of plundering  despoiling or snatching away.
Direptitious,Characterized by direption.
Direptitiously,With plundering violence; by violent injustice.
Dirgeful,Funereal; moaning.
Dirigent,Directing.
Dirigible,Capable of being directed; steerable; as  a dirigible balloon.
Diriment,Absolute.
Dirked,of Dirk
Dirking,of Dirk
Dirkness,Darkness.
Dirl,To thrill; to vibrate; to penetrate.
Dirtily,In a dirty manner; foully; nastily; filthily; meanly; sordidly.
Dirtied,of Dirty
Dirtying,of Dirty
Diruption,Disruption.
Dis-,.
Dis,The god Pluto.
Disabilities,of Disability
Disable,Lacking ability; unable.
Disabled,of Disable
Disabling,of Disable
Disablement,Deprivation of ability; incapacity.
Disabused,of Disabuse
Disabusing,of Disabuse
Disaccommodate,To put to inconvenience; to incommode.
Disaccommodation,A state of being unaccommodated or unsuited.
Disaccord,To refuse to assent.
Disaccordant,Not accordant.
Disaccustom,To destroy the force of habit in; to wean from a custom.
Disacidify,To free from acid.
Disacknowledged,of Disacknowledge
Disacknowledging,of Disacknowledge
Disacknowledge,To refuse to acknowledge; to deny; to disown.
Disacquaint,To render unacquainted; to make unfamiliar.
Disacquaintance,Neglect of disuse of familiarity  or familiar acquaintance.
Disadorn,To deprive of ornaments.
Disadvance,To draw back  or cause to draw back.
Disadvantageable,Injurious; disadvantageous.
Disadventure,Misfortune; mishap.
Disadventurous,Unprosperous; unfortunate.
Disadvise,To advise against; to dissuade from.
Disaffected,of Disaffect
Disaffecting,of Disaffect
Disaffectionate,Not disposed to affection; unfriendly; disaffected.
Disaffirmance,The act of disaffirming; denial; negation.
Disaffirmation,The act of disaffirming; negation; refutation.
Disafforested,of Disafforest
Disafforesting,of Disafforest
Disaggregation,The separation of an aggregate body into its component parts.
Disagreed,of Disagree
Disageeing,of Disagree
Disagreeable,Not agreeable  conformable or congruous; contrary; unsuitable.
Disagreeableness,The state or quality of being; disagreeable; unpleasantness.
Disagreeably,In a disagreeable manner; unsuitably; offensively.
Disagreeance,Disagreement.
Disagreer,One who disagrees.
Disalliege,To alienate from allegiance.
Disallowed,of Disallow
Disallowing,of Disallow
Disallowable,Not allowable; not to be suffered.
Disallowance,The act of disallowing; refusal to admit or permit; rejection.
Disally,To part  as an alliance; to sunder.
Disanchor,To raise the anchor of  as a ship; to weigh anchor.
Disangelical,Not angelical.
Disanimated,of Disanimate
Disanimating,of Disanimate
Disanimate,To deprive of life.
Disanimation,Privation of life.
Disannex,To disunite; to undo or repeal the annexation of.
Disannul,To annul completely; to render void or of no effect.
Disannuller,One who disannuls.
Disannulment,Complete annulment.
Disanoint,To invalidate the consecration of; as  to disanoint a king.
Disapparel,To disrobe; to strip of apparel; to make naked.
Disappeared,of Disappear
Disappearing,of Disappear
Disappendency,A detachment or separation from a former connection.
Disappendent,Freed from a former connection or dependence; disconnected.
Disapointed,of Disappoint
Disappointing,of Disappoint
Disappreciate,To undervalue; not to esteem.
Disapprobatory,Containing disapprobation; serving to disapprove.
Disappropriation,The act of disappropriating.
Disapproval,Disapprobation; dislike; censure; adverse judgment.
Disapproved,of Disapprove
Disapproving,of Disapprove
Disapprover,One who disapproves.
Disapprovingly,In a disapproving manner.
Disard,See Dizzard.
Disarming,of Disarm
Disarmament,The act of disarming.
Disarmature,The act of divesting of armature.
Disarmed,Deprived of arms.
Disarmer,One who disarms.
Disarranged,of Disarrange
Disarranging,of Disarrange
Disarrayed,of Disarray
Disarraying,of Disarray
Disarray,To throw into disorder; to break the array of.
Disarrayment,Disorder.
Disarticulate,To sunder; to separate  as joints.
Disarticulator,One who disarticulates and prepares skeletons.
Disassent,To dissent.
Disassenter,One who disassents; a dissenter.
Disassiduity,Want of assiduity or care.
Disassimilate,To subject to disassimilation.
Disassimilative,Having power to disassimilate; of the nature of disassimilation.
Disassociated,of Disassociate
Disassociating,of Disassociate
Disasterly,Disastrously.
Disattire,To unrobe; to undress.
Disaugment,To diminish.
Disauthorize,To deprive of credit or authority; to discredit.
Disavaunce,To retard; to repel; to do damage to.
Disaventure,Misfortune.
Disaventurous,Misadventurous; unfortunate.
Disavouch,To disavow.
Disavowed,of Disavow
Disavowing,of Disavow
Disavowance,Disavowal.
Disavower,One who disavows.
Disavowment,Disavowal.
Disbanded,of Disband
Disbanding,of Disband
Disbandment,The act of disbanding.
Disbarred,of Disbar
Disbarring,of Disbar
Disbark,To disembark.
Disbarment,Act of disbarring.
Disbase,To debase or degrade.
Disbecome,To misbecome.
Disbelieved,of Disbelieve
Disbelieving,of Disbelieve
Disbench,To drive from a bench or seat.
Disbend,To unbend.
Disbind,To unbind; to loosen.
Disblame,To clear from blame.
Disbodied,Disembodied.
Disbowel,To disembowel.
Disbranch,To divest of a branch or branches; to tear off.
Disburgeon,To strip of burgeons or buds; to disbud.
Disbursed,of Disburse
Disbursing,of Disburse
Disbursement,The act of disbursing or paying out.
Disburser,One who disburses money.
Disburthened,of Disburthen
Disburthening,of Disburthen
Disburthen,To disburden; to relieve of a load.
Disc,A flat round plate
Discage,To uncage.
Discal,Pertaining to  or resembling a disk; as discal cells.
Discalceate,To pull off shoes or sandals from.
Discalceated,Deprived off shoes or sandals; unshod; discalced.
Discalced,Unshod; barefooted; -- in distinction from calced.
Discalceation,The act of pulling off the shoes or sandals.
Discamp,To drive from a camp.
Discandy,To melt; to dissolve; to thaw.
Discant,See Descant  n.
Discapacitate,To deprive of capacity; to incapacitate.
Discarded,of Discard
Discarding,of Discard
Discardure,Rejection; dismissal.
Discarnate,Stripped of flesh.
Discase,To strip; to undress.
Discede,To yield or give up; to depart.
Discept,To debate; to discuss.
Disceptation,Controversy; disputation; discussion.
Disceptator,One who arbitrates or decides.
Discerned,of Discern
Discerning,of Discern
Discernance,Discernment.
Discernibleness,The quality of being discernible.
Discernibly,In a manner to be discerned; perceptibly; visibly.
Discerningly,In a discerning manner; with judgment; judiciously; acutely.
Discernment,The act of discerning.
Discerp,To tear in pieces; to rend.
Discerpibility,Alt. of Discerptibility
Discerptibility,Capability or liableness to be discerped.
Discerpible,Alt. of Discerptible
Discerptible,Capable of being discerped.
Discerption,The act of pulling to pieces  or of separating the parts.
Discerptive,Tending to separate or disunite parts.
Discession,Departure.
Discharged,of Discharge
Discharging,of Discharge
Dischevele,Disheveled.
Dischurch,To deprive of status as a church  or of membership in a church.
Discide,To divide; to cleave in two.
Disciferous,Bearing disks.
Discifloral,Alt. of Disciflorous
Disciform,Discoid.
Discinct,Ungirded; loosely dressed.
Discind,To part; to divide.
Discipled,of Disciple
Discipling,of Disciple
Discipless,A female disciple.
Disciplinableness,The quality of being improvable by discipline.
Disciplinal,Relating to discipline.
Disciplinant,A flagellant. See Flagellant.
Disciplinarian,Pertaining to discipline.
Disciplined,of Discipline
Disciplining,of Discipline
Discipliner,One who disciplines.
Disclaimed,of Disclaim
Disclaiming,of Disclaim
Disclaimer,One who disclaims  disowns or renounces.
Disclamation,A disavowing or disowning.
Disclame,To disclaim; to expel.
Disclaunder,To injure one's good name; to slander.
Discloak,To take off a cloak from; to uncloak.
Disclosed,of Disclose
Disclosing,of Disclose
Discloser,One who discloses.
Discloud,To clear from clouds.
Disclout,To divest of a clout.
Disclusion,A shutting off; exclusion.
Discoboli,of Discobolus
Discobolus,A thrower of the discus.
Discodactyl,One of the tree frogs.
Discodactylous,Having sucking disks on the toes  as the tree frogs.
Discoherent,Incoherent.
Discoidal,Disk-shaped; discoid.
Discolored,of Discolor
Discoloring,of Discolor
Discolorate,To discolor.
Discomfited,of Discomfit
Discomfiting,of Discomfit
Discomfit,To scatter in fight; to put to rout; to defeat.
Discomforted,of Discomfort
Discomforting,of Discomfort
Discomfort,To discourage; to deject.
Discomfortable,Causing discomfort; occasioning uneasiness; making sad.
Discommend,To mention with disapprobation; to blame; to disapprove.
Discommendable,Deserving  disapprobation or blame.
Discommendation,Blame; censure; reproach.
Discommender,One who discommends; a dispraiser.
Discommission,To deprive of a commission or trust.
Discommodate,To discommode.
Discommoded,of Discommode
Discommoding,of Discommode
Discommode,To put inconvenience; to incommode; to trouble.
Discommodious,Inconvenient; troublesome; incommodious.
Discommodity,Disadvantage; inconvenience.
Discommon,To deprive of the right of common.
Discommunity,A lack of common possessions  properties or relationship.
Discompany,To free from company; to dissociate.
Discomplexion,To change the complexion or hue of.
Discompliance,Failure or refusal to comply; noncompliance.
Discomposed,of Discompose
Discomposing,of Discompose
Discomposition,Inconsistency; discordance.
Discompt,To discount. See Discount.
Disconcerted,of Disconcert
Disconcerting,of Disconcert
Disconducive,Not conductive; impeding; disadvantageous.
Disconformable,Not conformable.
Discongruity,Incongruity; disagreement; unsuitableness.
Disconnected,of Disconnect
Disconnecting,of Disconnect
Disconsecrate,To deprive of consecration or sacredness.
Discosent,To differ; to disagree; to dissent.
Disconsolacy,The state of being disconsolate.
Disconsolate,Disconsolateness.
Disconsolated,Disconsolate.
Disconsolation,Dejection; grief.
Discontent,Not content; discontented; dissatisfied.
Discontented,of Discontent
Discontenting,of Discontent
Discontentation,Discontent.
Discontentful,Full of discontent.
Discontentive,Relating or tending to discontent.
Discontentment,The state of being discontented; uneasiness; inquietude.
Discontinuable,Admitting of being discontinued.
Discontinued,of Discontinue
Discontinuing,of Discontinue
Discontinuer,One who discontinues  or breaks off or away from; an absentee.
Discontinuity,Want of continuity or cohesion; disunion of parts.
Discontinuous,Not continuous; interrupted; broken off.
Disconvenience,Unsuitableness; incongruity.
Disconvenient,Not convenient or congruous; unsuitable; ill-adapted.
Discordable,That may produce discord; disagreeing; discordant.
Discordance,Alt. of Discordancy
Discordful,Full of discord; contentious.
Discordous,Full of discord.
Discorporate,Deprived of the privileges or form of a body corporate.
Discorrespondent,Incongruous.
Discost,Same as Discoast.
Discounsel,To dissuade.
Discounted,of Discount
Discounting,of Discount
Discountenanced,of Discountenance
Discountenancing,of Discountenance
Discountenancer,One who discountenances; one who disfavors.
Discounter,One who discounts; a discount broker.
Discouraged,of Discourage
Discouraging,of Discourage
Discourageable,Capable of being discouraged; easily disheartened.
Discourager,One who discourages.
Discoure,To discover.
Discoursed,of Discourse
Discoursing,of Discourse
Discourser,One who discourse; a narrator; a speaker; an haranguer.
Discourteous,Uncivil; rude; wanting in courtesy or good manners; uncourteous.
Discourtship,Want of courtesy.
Discous,Disklike; discoid.
Discovenant,To dissolve covenant with.
Discovered,of Discover
Discovering,of Discover
Discover,To uncover.
Discoverability,The quality of being discoverable.
Discoverment,Discovery.
Discoverture,Discovery.
Discoveries,of Discovery
Discradle,To take from a cradle.
Discredited,of Discredit
Discrediting,of Discredit
Discreditor,One who discredits.
Discrepance,Alt. of Discrepancy
Discrepant,Discordant; at variance; disagreeing; contrary; different.
Discrete,Separate; distinct; disjunct.
Discretely,Separately; disjunctively.
Discretion,Disjunction; separation.
Discretional,Alt. of Discretionary
Discretionally,Alt. of Discretionarily
Discretionarily,At discretion; according to one's discretion or judgment.
Discretive,Marking distinction or separation; disjunctive.
Discretively,In a discretive manner.
Discriminable,Capable of being discriminated.
Discriminate,Having the difference marked; distinguished by certain tokens.
Discriminated,of Discriminate
Discriminating,of Discriminate
Discriminately,In a discriminating manner; distinctly.
Discriminateness,The state of being discriminated; distinctness.
Discriminatively,With discrimination or distinction.
Discriminator,One who discriminates.
Discriminatory,Discriminative.
Discriminous,Hazardous; dangerous.
Discrive,To describe.
Discrowned,of Discrown
Discrowning,of Discrown
Discrown,To deprive of a crown.
Discruciated,of Discruciate
Discruciating,of Discruciate
Discruciate,To torture; to excruciate.
Discubitory,Leaning; fitted for a reclining posture.
Disculpated,of Disculpate
Disculpating,of Disculpate
Disculpate,To free from blame or the imputation of a fault; to exculpate.
Disculpation,Exculpation.
Disculpatory,Tending to exculpate; exculpatory.
Discumber,To free from that which cumbers or impedes; to disencumber.
Discure,To discover; to reveal; to discoure.
Discurrent,Not current or free to circulate; not in use.
Discursist,A discourser.
Discursory,Argumentative; discursive; reasoning.
Discursus,Argumentation; ratiocination; discursive reasoning.
Discuses,of Discus
Disci,of Discus
Discussed,of Discuss
Discussing,of Discuss
Discuss,To break to pieces; to shatter.
Discusser,One who discusses; one who sifts or examines.
Discussional,Pertaining to discussion.
Disdained,of Disdain
Disdaining,of Disdain
Disdainishly,Disdainfully.
Disdainous,Disdainful.
Disdainously,Disdainfully.
Disdeify,To divest or deprive of deity or of a deific rank or condition.
Disdeign,To disdain.
Disease,Lack of ease; uneasiness; trouble; vexation; disquiet.
Diseased,of Disease
Diseasing,of Disease
Diseasedness,The state of being diseased; a morbid state; sickness.
Diseaseful,Causing uneasiness.
Diseasefulness,The quality of being diseaseful; trouble; trial.
Diseasement,Uneasiness; inconvenience.
Disedge,To deprive of an edge; to blunt; to dull.
Disedify,To fail of edifying; to injure.
Diselder,To deprive of an elder or elders  or of the office of an elder.
Diselenide,A selenide containing two atoms of selenium in each molecule.
Disembarked,of Disembark
Disembarking,of Disembark
Disembarkation,The act of disembarking.
Disembarkment,Disembarkation.
Disembarrassed,of Disembarrass
Disembarrassing,of Disembarrass
Disembarrassment,Freedom or relief from impediment or perplexity.
Disembayed,of Disembay
Disembaying,of Disembay
Disembay,To clear from a bay.
Disembellish,To deprive of embellishment; to disadorn.
Disembitter,To free from
Disembodied,Divested of a body; ceased to be corporal; incorporeal.
Disembodiment,The act of disembodying  or the state of being disembodied.
Disembodying,of Disembody
Disembody,To divest of the body or corporeal existence.
Disembogued,of Disembogue
Disemboguing,of Disembogue
Disemboguement,The act of disemboguing; discharge.
Disembossom,To separate from the bosom.
Disembowered,Deprived of  or removed from a bower.
Disembrangle,To free from wrangling or litigation.
Disembroiled,of Disembroil
Disembroiling,of Disembroil
Disemploy,To throw out of employment.
Disemployment,The state of being disemployed  or deprived of employment.
Disempower,To deprive of power; to divest of strength.
Disenable,To disable; to disqualify.
Disenamor,To free from the captivity of love.
Disenchained,Freed from restraint; unrestrained.
Disenchanted,of Disenchant
Disenchanting,of Disenchant
Disenchanter,One who  or that which disenchants.
Disenchantment,The act of disenchanting  or state of being disenchanted.
Disencharm,To free from the influence of a charm or spell; to disenchant.
Disenclose,See Disinclose.
Disencouragement,Discouragement.
Disencrese,To decrease.
Disencumbered,of Disencumber
Disencumbering,of Disencumber
Disendow,To deprive of an endowment  as a church.
Disendowment,The act of depriving of an endowment or endowments.
Disenfranchise,To disfranchise; to deprive of the rights of a citizen.
Disengaged,of Disengage
Disengaging,of Disengage
Disennoble,To deprive of that which ennobles; to degrade.
Disenrolled,of Disenroll
Disenrolling,of Disenroll
Disenroll,To erase from a roll or list.
Disensanity,Insanity; folly.
Disenshrouded,Freed from a shroudlike covering; unveiled.
Disenslave,To free from bondage or slavery; to disenthrall.
Disentail,To free from entailment.
Disentangled,of Disentangle
Disentangling,of Disentangle
Disentanglement,The act of disentangling or clearing from difficulties.
Disenter,See Disinter.
Disenthrallment,Liberation from bondage; emancipation; disinthrallment.
Disenthrone,To dethrone; to depose from sovereign authority.
Disentitle,To deprive of title or claim.
Disentomb,To take out from a tomb; a disinter.
Disentrail,To disembowel; to let out or draw forth  as the entrails.
Disentrance,To awaken from a trance or an enchantment.
Disentwine,To free from being entwined or twisted.
Disepalous,Having two sepals; two-sepaled.
Disert,Eloquent.
Disertitude,Eloquence.
Diserty,Expressly; clearly; eloquently.
Disespouse,To release from espousal or plighted faith.
Disesteemed,of Disesteem
Disesteeming,of Disesteem
Disesteemer,One who disesteems.
Disestimation,Disesteem.
Disexercise,To deprive of exercise; to leave untrained.
Disfame,Disrepute.
Disfancy,To dislike.
Disfashion,To disfigure.
Disfavor,Want of favor of favorable regard; disesteem; disregard.
Disfavored,of Disfavor
Disfavoring,of Disfavor
Disfavorable,Unfavorable.
Disfavorably,Unpropitiously.
Disfavorer,One who disfavors.
Disfeature,To deprive of features; to mar the features of.
Disfigured,of Disfigure
Disfiguring,of Disfigure
Disfigurement,Act of disfiguring  or state of being disfigured; deformity.
Disfigurer,One who disfigures.
Disflesh,To reduce the flesh or obesity of.
Disforest,To disafforest.
Disforestation,The act of clearing land of forests.
Disformity,Discordance or diversity of form; unlikeness in form.
Disfranchised,of Disfranchise
Disfranchising,of Disfranchise
Disfriar,To depose or withdraw from the condition of a friar.
Disfrock,To unfrock.
Disfurnished,of Disfurnish
Disfurnishing,of Disfurnish
Disfurnishment,The act of disfurnishing  or the state of being disfurnished.
Disfurniture,The act of disfurnishing  or the state of being disfurnished.
Disgage,To free from a gage or pledge; to disengage.
Disgallant,To deprive of gallantry.
Disgarland,To strip of a garland.
Disgarnish,To divest of garniture; to disfurnish; to dismantle.
Disgarrison,To deprive of a garrison.
Disgaveled,of Disgavel
Disgaveling,of Disgavel
Disgest,To digest.
Disgestion,Digestion.
Disglorified,of Disglorify
Disglorifying,of Disglorify
Disglorify,To deprive of glory; to treat with indignity.
Disglory,Dishonor.
Disgorged,of Disgorge
Disgorging,of Disgorge
Disgorgement,The act of disgorging; a vomiting; that which is disgorged.
Disgraced,of Disgrace
Disgracing,of Disgrace
Disgracer,One who disgraces.
Disgracious,Wanting grace; unpleasing; disagreeable.
Disgracive,Disgracing.
Disgradation,Degradation; a stripping of titles and honors.
Disgrade,To degrade.
Disgraduate,To degrade; to reduce in rank.
Disgregate,To disperse; to scatter; -- opposite of congregate.
Disgruntle,To dissatisfy; to disaffect; to anger.
Disguised,of Disguise
Disguising,of Disguise
Disguisedfy,In disguise.
Disguisedness,The state of being disguised.
Disguisement,Disguise.
Disguiser,One who  or that which disguises.
Disgusted,of Disgust
Disgusting,of Disgust
Disgustfulness,The state of being disgustful.
Dished,of Dish
Dishing,of Dish
Dishabilitate,To disqualify.
Dishabille,An undress; a loose  negligent dress; deshabille.
Dishabit,To dislodge.
Dishabited,Rendered uninhabited.
Dishabituate,To render unaccustomed.
Dishable,To disable.
Dishallow,To make unholy; to profane.
Disharmonious,Unharmonious; discordant.
Disharmony,Want of harmony; discord; incongruity.
Dishaunt,To leave; to quit; to cease to haunt.
Dishcloth,A cloth used for washing dishes.
Dishclout,A dishcloth.
Disheart,To dishearten.
Disheartened,of Dishearten
Disheartening,of Dishearten
Disheartenment,Discouragement; dejection; depression of spirits.
Disheir,To disinherit.
Dishelm,To deprive of the helmet.
Disherited,of Disherit
Disheriting,of Disherit
Disheritor,One who puts another out of his inheritance.
Disheveled,of Dishevel
Dishevelled,of Dishevel
Disheveling,of Dishevel
Dishevelling,of Dishevel
Dishevele,Disheveled.
Dishfuls,of Dishful
Dishful,As much as a dish holds when full.
Dishonest,Dishonorable; shameful; indecent; unchaste; lewd.
Dishonestly,In a dishonest manner.
Dishonesty,Dishonor; dishonorableness; shame.
Dishonor,Lack of honor; disgrace; ignominy; shame; reproach.
Dishonored,of Dishonor
Dishonoring,of Dishonor
Dishonorary,Bringing dishonor on; tending to disgrace; lessening reputation.
Dishorn,To deprive of horns; as  to dishorn cattle.
Dishorse,To dismount.
Dishouse,To deprive of house or home.
Dishumor,Ill humor.
Dishwasher,One who  or that which washes dishes.
Dishwater,Water in which dishes have been washed.
Disillusionize,To disenchant; to free from illusion.
Disimbitter,To free from bitterness.
Disimpark,To free from the barriers or restrictions of a park.
Disimpassioned,Free from warmth of passion or feeling.
Disimprove,To make worse; -- the opposite of improve.
Disincarcerate,To liberate from prison.
Disinclined,of Disincline
Disinclining,of Disincline
Disinclose,To free from being inclosed.
Disincorporated,of Disincorporate
Disincorporating,of Disincorporate
Disincorporation,Deprivation of the rights and privileges of a corporation.
Disinfected,of Disinfect
Disinfecting,of Disinfect
Disinfection,The act of disinfecting; purification from infecting matter.
Disinflame,To divest of flame or ardor.
Disingenuity,Disingenuousness.
Disinhabited,Uninhabited.
Disinherison,Same as Disherison.
Disinherited,of Disinherit
Disinheriting,of Disinherit
Disinhume,To disinter.
Disinsure,To render insecure; to put in danger.
Disintegrated,of Disintegrate
Disintegrating,of Disintegrate
Disintegrator,A machine for grinding or pulverizing by percussion.
Disinterred,of Disinter
Disinterring,of Disinter
Disinteress,To deprive or rid of interest in  or regard for; to disengage.
Disinteressment,Disinterestedness; impartiality; fairness.
Disinterest,Disinterested.
Disinterestedly,In a disinterested manner; without bias or prejudice.
Disinterestedness,The state or quality of being disinterested; impartiality.
Disinteresting,Uninteresting.
Disinterment,The act of disinterring  or taking out of the earth; exhumation.
Disinthralled,of Disinthrall
Disinthralling,of Disinthrall
Disinthrall,To free from thralldom; to disenthrall.
Disinthrallment,A releasing from thralldom or slavery; disenthrallment.
Disintricate,To disentangle.
Disinured,of Disinure
Disinuring,of Disinure
Disinure,To render unaccustomed or unfamiliar.
Disinvestiture,The act of depriving of investiture.
Disinvigorate,To enervate; to weaken.
Disinvolve,To uncover; to unfold or unroll; to disentangle.
Disjection,Destruction; dispersion.
Disjoined,of Disjoin
Disjoining,of Disjoin
Disjoin,To part; to disunite; to separate; to sunder.
Disjoint,Disjointed; unconnected; -- opposed to conjoint.
Disjointed,of Disjoint
Disjointing,of Disjoint
Disjointly,In a disjointed state.
Disjudication,Judgment; discrimination. See Dijudication.
Disjunct,Disjoined; separated.
Disjunctive,Tending to disjoin; separating; disjoining.
Disjunctively,In a disjunctive manner; separately.
Disjuncture,The act of disjoining  or state of being disjoined; separation.
Disk,A discus; a quoit.
Diskindness,Unkindness; disservice.
Dislade,To unlade.
Disleal,Disloyal; perfidious.
Disleave,To deprive of leaves.
Disliked,of Dislike
Disliking,of Dislike
Dislike,To regard with dislike or aversion; to disapprove; to disrelish.
Dislikeful,Full of dislike; disaffected; malign; disagreeable.
Dislikelihood,The want of likelihood; improbability.
Disliken,To make unlike; to disguise.
Dislikeness,Unlikeness.
Disliker,One who dislikes or disrelishes.
Dislimb,To tear limb from limb; to dismember.
Dislimn,To efface  as a picture.
Dislink,To unlink; to disunite; to separate.
Dislive,To deprive of life.
Dislocated,of Dislocate
Dislocating,of Dislocate
Dislocation,The act of displacing  or the state of being displaced.
Dislodged,of Dislodge
Dislodging,of Dislodge
Disloign,To put at a distance; to remove.
Disloyally,In a disloyal manner.
Disloyalty,Want of loyalty; lack of fidelity; violation of allegiance.
Dismail,To divest of coat of mail.
Dismal,Fatal; ill-omened; unlucky.
Dismally,In a dismal manner; gloomily; sorrowfully; uncomfortably.
Dismalness,The quality of being dismal; gloominess.
Disman,To unman.
Dismantled,of Dismantle
Dismantling,of Dismantle
Dismantle,To strip or deprive of dress; to divest.
Dismarch,To march away.
Dismarry,To free from the bonds of marriage; to divorce.
Dismarshal,To disarrange; to derange; to put in disorder.
Dismask,To divest of a mask.
Dismasted,of Dismast
Dismasting,of Dismast
Dismastment,The act of dismasting; the state of being dismasted.
Dismaw,To eject from the maw; to disgorge.
Dismayed,of Dismay
Dismaying,of Dismay
Dismayedness,A state of being dismayed; dejection of courage; dispiritedness.
Dismayful,Terrifying.
Disme,A tenth; a tenth part; a tithe.
Dismembered,of Dismember
Dismembering,of Dismember
Dismettled,Destitute of mettle  that is or fire or spirit.
Dismissed,of Dismiss
Dismissing,of Dismiss
Dismissal,Dismission; discharge.
Dismissive,Giving dismission.
Dismortaged,of Dismortgage
Dismortgaging,of Dismortgage
Dismortgage,To redeem from mortgage.
Dismounted,of Dismount
Dismounting,of Dismount
Dismount,To come down; to descend.
Disnaturalize,To make alien; to deprive of the privileges of birth.
Disnatured,Deprived or destitute of natural feelings; unnatural.
Disobediency,Disobedience.
Disobediently,In a disobedient manner.
Disobeisance,Disobedience.
Disobeisant,Disobedient.
Disobeyed,of Disobey
Disobeying,of Disobey
Disobeyer,One who disobeys.
Disobligation,The act of disobliging.
Disobligatory,Releasing from obligation.
Disobliged,of Disoblige
Disobliging,of Disoblige
Disobligement,Release from obligation.
Disobliger,One who disobliges.
Disoccupation,The state of being unemployed; want of occupation.
Disopinion,Want or difference of belief; disbelief.
Disoppilate,To open.
Disorb,To throw out of the proper orbit; to unsphere.
Disord,Disorder.
Disordeined,Inordinate; irregular; vicious.
Disordered,of Disorder
Disordering,of Disorder
Disorderliness,The state of being disorderly.
Disordinance,Disarrangement; disturbance.
Disordinate,Inordinate; disorderly.
Disordinately,Inordinately.
Disordination,The state of being in disorder; derangement; confusion.
Disorganization,The act of disorganizing; destruction of system.
Disorganized,of Disorganize
Disorganizing,of Disorganize
Disorganizer,One who disorganizes or causes disorder and confusion.
Disowned,of Disown
Disowning,of Disown
Disownment,Act of disowning.
Disoxidate,To deoxidate; to deoxidize.
Disoxidation,Deoxidation.
Disoxygenate,To deprive of oxygen; to deoxidize.
Disoxygenation,Deoxidation.
Dispace,To roam.
Dispair,To separate (a pair).
Dispand,To spread out; to expand.
Dispansion,Act of dispanding  or state of being dispanded.
Disparadised,Removed from paradise.
Disparaged,of Disparage
Disparaging,of Disparage
Disparager,One who disparages or dishonors; one who vilifies or disgraces.
Disparagingly,In a manner to disparage or dishonor; slightingly.
Disparate,Unequal; dissimilar; separate.
Disparition,Act of disappearing; disappearance.
Disparities,of Disparity
Disparkle,To scatter abroad.
Disparted,of Dispart
Disparting,of Dispart
Dispassion,Freedom from passion; an undisturbed state; apathy.
Dispassioned,Free from passion; dispassionate.
Dispatched,of Dispatch
Dispatching,of Dispatch
Dispatcher,One who dispatches.
Dispatchment,The act of dispatching.
Dispathies,of Dispathy
Dispathy,Lack of sympathy; want of passion; apathy.
Dispauperize,To free a state of pauperism  or from paupers.
Dispeed,To send off with speed; to dispatch.
Dispelled,of Dispel
Dispelling,of Dispel
Dispence,See Dispense.
Dispend,To spend; to lay out; to expend.
Dispender,One who dispends or expends; a steward.
Dispensable,Capable of being dispensed or administered.
Dispensableness,Quality of being dispensable.
Dispensaries,of Dispensary
Dispensative,Granting dispensation.
Dispensatively,By dispensation.
Dispensator,A distributer; a dispenser.
Dispensatorily,In the way of dispensation; dispensatively.
Dispensatory,Granting  or authorized to grant dispensations.
Dispensatories,of Dispensatory
Dispensed,of Dispense
Dispensing,of Dispense
Dispeopled,of Dispeople
Dispeopling,of Dispeople
Dispeople,To deprive of inhabitants; to depopulate.
Dispeopler,One who  or that which dispeoples; a depopulator.
Disperge,To sprinkle.
Disspermous,Containing only two seeds; two-seeded.
Disperple,To scatter; to sprinkle.
Dispersal,The act or result of dispersing or scattering; dispersion.
Dispersed,of Disperse
Dispersing,of Disperse
Disperseness,Dispersedness.
Disperser,One that disperses.
Dispersive,Tending to disperse.
Disperson'ate,To deprive of personality or individuality.
Dispirited,of Dispirit
Dispiriting,of Dispirit
Dispiritment,Depression of spirits; discouragement.
Dispiteous,Full of despite; cruel; spiteful; pitiless.
Displaced,of Displace
Displacing,of Displace
Displaceable,Capable of being displaced.
Displacer,One that displaces.
Di/planted,of Displant
Displanting,of Displant
Displantation,The act of displanting; removal; displacement.
Displat,To untwist; to uncurl; to unplat.
Displayed,of Display
Displaying,of Display
Display,To unfold; to spread wide; to expand; to stretch out; to spread.
Displayer,One who  or that which displays.
Disple,To discipline; to correct.
Displeasance,Displeasure; discontent; annoyance.
Displeasant,Unpleasing; offensive; unpleasant.
Displeased,of Displease
Displeasing,of Displease
Displeasedly,With displeasure.
Displeasedness,Displeasure.
Displeaser,One who displeases.
Displenish,To deprive or strip  as a house of furniture or a barn of stock.
Displicence,Alt. of Displicency
Displicency,Dislike; dissatisfaction; discontent.
Disploded,of Displode
Disploding,of Displode
Displode,To discharge; to explode.
Displosion,Explosion.
Displosive,Explosive.
Displumed,of Displume
Displuming,of Displume
Dispond,See Despond.
Dispondee,A double spondee; a foot consisting of four long syllables.
Dispone,To dispose.
Disponee,The person to whom any property is legally conveyed.
Disponer,One who legally transfers property from himself to another.
Disponge,To sprinkle  as with water from a sponge.
Dispope,To refuse to consider as pope; to depose from the popedom.
Disporous,Having two spores.
Disport,Play; sport; pastime; diversion; playfulness.
Disported,of Disport
Disporting,of Disport
Disportment,Act of disporting; diversion; play.
Disposed,of Dispose
Disposing,of Dispose
Disposement,Disposal.
Disposingly,In a manner to dispose.
Disposited,Disposed.
Dispositional,Pertaining to disposition.
Dispositive,Disposing; tending to regulate; decretive.
Dispositively,In a dispositive manner; by natural or moral disposition.
Dispositor,A disposer.
Dispossessed,of Dispossess
Dispossessing,of Dispossess
Dispossessor,One who dispossesses.
Dispost,To eject from a post; to displace.
Disposure,The act of disposing; power to dispose of; disposal; direction.
Dispraisable,Blamable.
Dispraised,of Dispraise
Dispraising,of Dispraise
Dispraiser,One who blames or dispraises.
Dispraisingly,By way of dispraise.
Dispreader,One who spreads abroad.
Disprejudice,To free from prejudice.
Disprepare,To render unprepared.
Disprince,To make unlike a prince.
Disprison,To let loose from prison  to set at liberty.
Disprivilege,To deprive of a privilege or privileges.
Disprize,To depreciate.
Disprofess,To renounce the profession or pursuit of.
Disprofit,Loss; damage.
Disprofitable,Unprofitable.
Disproperty,To cause to be no longer property; to dispossess of.
Disproportioned,of Disproportion
Disproportioning,of Disproportion
Disproportionality,The state of being disproportional.
Dispropriate,To cancel the appropriation of; to disappropriate.
Disprovable,Capable of being disproved or refuted.
Disproval,Act of disproving; disproof.
Disproved,of Disprove
Disproving,of Disprove
Disprove,To prove to be false or erroneous; to confute; to refute.
Disprover,One who disproves or confutes.
Disprovide,Not to provide; to fail to provide.
Dispunct,Wanting in punctilious respect; discourteous.
Dispunge,To expunge; to erase.
Dispunishable,Without penal restraint; not punishable.
Dispurpose,To dissuade; to frustrate; as  to dispurpose plots.
Dispurse,To disburse.
Dispurvey,To disfurnish; to strip.
Dispurveyance,Want of provisions; /ack of food.
Disputableness,State of being disputable.
Disputacity,Proneness to dispute.
Disputant,Disputing; engaged in controversy.
Disputed,of Dispute
Disputing,of Dispute
Disputeless,Admitting no dispute; incontrovertible.
Disputer,One who disputes  or who is given to disputes; a controvertist.
Disputison,Dispute; discussion.
Disqualified,of Disqualify
Disqualifying,of Disqualify
Disquantity,To diminish the quantity of; to lessen.
Disquiet,Deprived of quiet; impatient; restless; uneasy.
Disquieted,of Disquiet
Disquieting,of Disquiet
Disquietal,The act of disquieting; a state of disquiet.
Disquieter,One who  or that which disquiets or makes uneasy; a disturber.
Disquietful,Producing inquietude or uneasiness.
Disquietive,Tending to disquiet.
Disquietment,State of being disquieted; uneasiness; harassment.
Disquietness,Disturbance of quiet in body or mind; restlessness; uneasiness.
Disquietous,Causing uneasiness.
Disquisitional,Pertaining to disquisition; of the nature of disquisition.
Disquisitionary,Pertaining to disquisition; disquisitional.
Disquisitorial,Disquisitory.
Disquisitory,Of or pertaining to disquisition; disquisitive.
Disrange,To disarrange.
Disrank,To degrade from rank.
Disrate,To reduce to a lower rating or rank; to degrade.
Disray,of Disarray.
Disrealize,To divest of reality; to make uncertain.
Disregarded,of Disregard
Disregarding,of Disregard
Disregarder,One who disregards.
Disregardful,Neglect; negligent; heedless; regardless.
Disregardfully,Negligently; heedlessly.
Disrelished,of Disrelish
Disrelishing,of Disrelish
Disremember,To fail to remember; to forget.
Disrepair,A state of being in bad condition  and wanting repair.
Disreputability,The state of being disreputable.
Disreputably,In a disreputable manner.
Disrepute,Loss or want of reputation; ill character; disesteem; discredit.
Disrespectability,Want of respectability.
Disrespectable,Not respectable; disreputable.
Disrespecter,One who disrespects.
Disrespective,Showing want of respect; disrespectful.
Disreverence,To treat irreverently or with disrespect.
Disrobed,of Disrobe
Disrobing,of Disrobe
Disrober,One who  or that which disrobes.
Disroof,To unroof.
Disrooted,of Disroot
Disrooting,of Disroot
Disrout,To put to rout.
Disrudder,To deprive of the rudder  as a ship.
Disrulily,In a disorderly manner.
Disruly,Unruly; disorderly.
Disrupt,Rent off; torn asunder; severed; disrupted.
Disrupted,of Disrupt
Disrupting,of Disrupt
Disrupture,Disruption.
Dissatisfied,of Dissatisfy
Dissatisfying,of Dissatisfy
Disseat,To unseat.
Dissected,of Dissect
Dissecting,of Dissect
Dissectible,Capable of being dissected  or separated by dissection.
Dissector,One who dissects; an anatomist.
Disseized,of Disseize
Disseizing,of Disseize
Disseizoress,A woman disseizes.
Disseizure,Disseizin.
Dissemblance,Want of resemblance; dissimilitude.
Dissembled,of Dissemble
Dissembling,of Dissemble
Disseminated,of Disseminate
Disseminating,of Disseminate
Disseminative,Tending to disseminate  or to become disseminated.
Dissensious,Disposed to discord; contentious; dissentious.
Dissented,of Dissent
Dissenting,of Dissent
Dissentaneous,Disagreeing; contrary; differing; -- opposed to consentaneous.
Dissentany,Dissentaneous; inconsistent.
Dissentation,Dissension.
Dissenterism,The spirit or principles of dissenters.
Dissentiate,To throw into a state of dissent.
Dissentient,Disagreeing; declaring dissent; dissenting.
Dissentive,Disagreeing; inconsistent.
Dissepiment,A separating tissue; a partition; a septum.
Dissert,To discourse or dispute; to discuss.
Dissertate,To deal in dissertation; to write dissertations; to discourse.
Dissertational,Relating to dissertations; resembling a dissertation.
Dissertationist,A writer of dissertations.
Dissertator,One who writers a dissertation; one who discourses.
Dissertly,See Disertly.
Di/////,of Disserve
Disserving,of Disserve
Disservice,Injury; mischief.
Dissettle,To unsettle.
Dissettlement,The act of unsettling  or the state of being unsettled.
Dissevered,of Dissever
Dissevering,of Dissever
Disseverance,The act of disserving; separation.
Disseveration,The act of disserving; disseverance.
Disseverment,Disseverance.
Disshadow,To free from shadow or shade.
Dissheathe,To become unsheathed.
Disship,To dismiss from service on board ship.
Disshiver,To shiver or break in pieces.
Dissidence,Disagreement; dissent; separation from the established religion.
Dissident,No agreeing; dissenting; discordant; different.
Dissidently,In a dissident manner.
Dissilience,Alt. of Dissiliency
Dissiliency,The act of leaping or starting asunder.
Dissilition,The act of bursting or springing apart.
Dissimilarly,In a dissimilar manner; in a varied style.
Dissimilate,To render dissimilar.
Dissimilation,The act of making dissimilar.
Dissimile,Comparison or illustration by contraries.
Dissimilitude,Want of resemblance; unlikeness; dissimilarity.
Dissimulate,Feigning; simulating; pretending.
Dissimulator,One who dissimulates; a dissembler.
Dissimule,To dissemble.
Dissimuler,A dissembler.
Dissimulour,A dissembler.
Dissipable,Capable of being scattered or dissipated.
Dissipated,of Dissipate
Dissipating,of Dissipate
Dissipative,Tending to dissipate.
Dissite,Lying apart.
Disslander,To slander.
Disslanderous,Slanderous.
Dissociability,Want of sociability; unsociableness.
Dissociable,Not /ell associated or assorted; incongruous.
Dissocialize,To render unsocial.
Dissociated,of Dissociate
Dissociating,of Dissociate
Dissociative,Tending or leading to dissociation.
Dissolubleness,The quality of being dissoluble; dissolubility.
Dissolute,With nerves unstrung; weak.
Dissolutely,In a dissolute manner.
Dissolvability,Capacity of being dissolved; solubility.
Dissolvative,Having the power to dissolve anything; solvent.
Dissolved,of Dissolve
Dissolving,of Dissolve
Dissolver,One who  or that which has power to dissolve or dissipate.
Dissonancy,Discord; dissonance.
Dissonant,Sounding harshly; discordant; unharmonious.
Disspirit,See Dispirit.
Dissuaded,of Dissuade
Dissuading,of Dissuade
Dissuader,One who dissuades; a dehorter.
Dissuasion,The act of dissuading; exhortation against a thing; dehortation.
Dissuasory,A dissuasive.
Dissundered,of Dissunder
Dissundering,of Dissunder
Dissunder,To separate; to sunder; to destroy.
Dissweeten,To deprive of sweetness.
Dissyllabification,A forming into two syllables.
Dissyllabify,To form into two syllables.
Dissyllabize,To form into two syllables; to dissyllabify.
Dissyllable,A word of two syllables; as  pa-per.
Dissymmetrical,Not having symmetry; asymmetrical; unsymmetrical.
Dissymmetry,Absence or defect of symmetry; asymmetry.
Dissympathy,Lack of sympathy; want of interest; indifference.
Distad,Toward a distal part; on the distal side of; distally.
Distaffs,of Distaff
Distaves,of Distaff
Distained,of Distain
Distaining,of Distain
Distally,Toward a distal part.
Distanced,of Distance
Distancing,of Distance
Distancy,Distance.
Distant,Separated; having an intervening space; at a distance; away.
Distantial,Distant.
Distantly,At a distance; remotely; with reserve.
Distaste,Aversion of the taste; dislike  as of food or drink; disrelish.
Distasted,of Distaste
Distasting,of Distaste
Distasteful,Unpleasant or disgusting to the taste; nauseous; loathsome.
Distasteive,Tending to excite distaste.
Distasture,Something which excites distaste or disgust.
Distempered,of Distemper
Distempering,of Distemper
Distemperance,Distemperature.
Distemperate,Immoderate.
Distemperately,Unduly.
Distemperment,Distempered state; distemperature.
Distended,of Distend
Distending,of Distend
Distend,To extend in some one direction; to lengthen out; to stretch.
Distensibility,The quality or capacity of being distensible.
Distensible,Capable of being distended or dilated.
Distension,Same as Distention.
Distensive,Distending  or capable of being distended.
Distent,Distended.
Dister,To banish or drive from a country.
Disterminate,Separated by bounds.
Distermination,Separation by bounds.
Disthrone,To dethrone.
Disthronize,To dethrone.
Distichous,Disposed in two vertical rows; two-ranked.
Distichously,In a distichous manner.
Distil,See Distill.
Distilled,of Distill
Distilling,of Distill
Distill,To drop; to fall in drops; to trickle.
Distillate,The product of distillation; as  the distillate from molasses.
Distillation,The act of falling in drops  or the act of pouring out in drops.
Distillatory,Belonging to  or used in distilling; as distillatory vessels.
Distilleries,of Distillery
Distillment,Distillation; the substance obtained by distillation.
Distinction,A marking off by visible signs; separation into parts; division.
Distinctively,With distinction; plainly.
Distinctiveness,State of being distinctive.
Distincture,Distinctness.
Distinguished,of Distinguish
Distinguishing,of Distinguish
Distinguishableness,The quality of being distinguishable.
Distinguishably,So as to be distinguished.
Distinguishedly,In a distinguished manner.
Distinguishingly,With distinction; with some mark of preference.
Distinguishment,Observation of difference; distinction.
Distitle,To deprive of title or right.
Distort,Distorted; misshapen.
Distorted,of Distort
Distorting,of Distort
Distorter,One who  or that which distorts.
Distortive,Causing distortion.
Distract,Separated; drawn asunder.
Distracted,of Distract
Distraught,of Distract
Distracting,of Distract
Distractedly,Disjointedly; madly.
Distractedness,A state of being distracted; distraction.
Distracter,One who  or that which distracts away.
Distractful,Distracting.
Distractible,Capable of being drawn aside or distracted.
Distractile,Tending or serving to draw apart.
Distraction,The act of distracting; a drawing apart; separation.
Distractious,Distractive.
Distractive,Causing perplexity; distracting.
Distrained,of Distrain
Distraining,of Distrain
Distrainable,Capable of being  or liable to be distrained.
Distrainer,Same as Distrainor.
Distrainor,One who distrains; the party distraining goods or chattels.
Distraint,The act or proceeding of seizing personal property by distress.
Distrait,Absent-minded; lost in thought; abstracted.
Distraughted,Distracted.
Distream,To flow.
Distressed,of Distress
Distressing,of Distress
Distressedness,A state of being distressed or greatly pained.
Distributable,Capable of being distributed.
Distributed,of Distribute
Distributing,of Distribute
Distributional,Of or pertaining to distribution.
Distributionist,A distributer.
Distributiveness,Quality of being distributive.
District,Rigorous; stringent; harsh.
Districted,of District
Districting,of District
Distriction,Sudden display; flash; glitter.
Districtly,Strictly.
Distrouble,To trouble.
Distrusted,of Distrust
Distrusting,of Distrust
Distruster,One who distrusts.
Distrustless,Free from distrust.
Distune,To put out of tune.
Disturbed,of Disturb
Disturbing,of Disturb
Disturbation,Act of disturbing; disturbance.
Disturn,To turn aside.
Disulphate,A salt of disulphuric or pyrosulphuric acid; a pyrosulphate.
Disulphuret,See Disulphide.
Disuniform,Not uniform.
Disunited,of Disunite
Disuniting,of Disunite
Disuniter,One who  or that which disjoins or causes disunion.
Disunity,A state of separation or disunion; want of unity.
Disusage,Gradual cessation of use or custom; neglect of use; disuse.
Disused,of Disuse
Disusing,of Disuse
Disuse,To cease to use; to discontinue the practice of.
Disutilize,To deprive of utility; to render useless.
Disvaluation,Disesteem; depreciation; disrepute.
Disvalue,To undervalue; to depreciate.
Disvantageous,Disadvantageous.
Disvelop,To develop.
Disventure,A disadventure.
Disvouch,To discredit; to contradict.
Diswarn,To dissuade from by previous warning.
Diswitted,Deprived of wits or understanding; distracted.
Diswont,To deprive of wonted usage; to disaccustom.
Disworkmanship,Bad workmanship.
Disworship,To refuse to worship; to treat as unworthy.
Disworth,To deprive of worth; to degrade.
Disyoke,To unyoke; to free from a yoke; to disjoin.
Dit,A word; a decree.
Ditation,The act of making rich; enrichment.
Ditches,of Ditch
Ditched,of Ditch
Ditching,of Ditch
Ditcher,One who digs ditches.
Dite,To prepare for action or use; to make ready; to dight.
Diterebene,See Colophene.
Dithecal,Alt. of Dithecous
Dithecous,Having two thecae  cells or compartments.
Ditheist,One who holds the doctrine of ditheism; a dualist.
Ditheistic,Alt. of Ditheistical
Ditheistical,Pertaining to ditheism; dualistic.
Dithionic,Containing two equivalents of sulphur; as  dithionic acid.
Dithyrambic,Pertaining to  or resembling a dithyramb; wild and boisterous.
Dithyrambus,See Dithyramb.
Dition,Dominion; rule.
Ditionary,Under rule; subject; tributary.
Ditokous,Having two kinds of young  as certain annelids.
Ditrichotomous,Divided into twos or threes.
Ditrochean,Containing two trochees.
Ditrochee,A double trochee; a foot made up of two trochees.
Ditroite,An igneous rock composed of orthoclase  elaeolite and sodalite.
Ditt,See Dit  n. 2.
Dittander,A kind of peppergrass (Lepidium latifolium).
Dittied,Set  sung or composed as a ditty; -- usually in composition.
Dittos,of Ditto
Ditties,of Ditty
Ditty-box,A small box to hold a sailor's thread  needless comb etc.
Diuresis,Free excretion of urine.
Diuretic,Tending to increase the secretion and discharge of urine.
Diuretical,Diuretic.
Diureticalness,The quality of being diuretical; diuretic property.
Diurnalist,A journalist.
Diurnally,Daily; every day.
Diurnalness,The quality of being diurnal.
Diurnation,Continuance during the day.
Diuturnal,Of long continuance; lasting.
Diuturnity,Long duration; lastingness.
Divagation,A wandering about or going astray; digression.
Divalent,Having two units of combining power; bivalent. Cf. Valence.
Divaricated,of Divaricate
Divaricating,of Divaricate
Divaricate,To part into two branches; to become bifid; to fork.
Divaricately,With divarication.
Divast,Devastated; laid waste.
Dived,of Dive
Dove,of Dive
Diving,of Dive
Divedapper,A water fowl; the didapper. See Dabchick.
Divel,To rend apart.
Divellent,Drawing asunder.
Divellicate,To pull in pieces.
Diver,One who  or that which dives.
Diverberate,To strike or sound through.
Diverberation,A sounding through.
Diverged,of Diverge
Diverging,of Diverge
Divergement,Divergence.
Divergence,Alt. of Divergency
Divergingly,In a diverging manner.
Divers,Different in kind or species; diverse.
Diverse,Different; unlike; dissimilar; distinct; separate.
Diversely,In different ways; differently; variously.
Diverseness,The quality of being diverse.
Diversifiability,The quality or capacity of being diversifiable.
Diversifiable,Capable of being diversified or varied.
Diversification,The act of making various  or of changing form or quality.
Diversifier,One who  or that which diversifies.
Diversiform,Of a different form; of varied forms.
Diversifying,of Diversify
Diversiloquent,Speaking in different ways.
Diversities,of Diversity
Diversity,A state of difference; dissimilitude; unlikeness.
Diversivolent,Desiring different things.
Diversory,Serving or tending to divert; also  distinguishing.
Diverted,of Divert
Diverting,of Divert
Diverter,One who  or that which diverts turns off or pleases.
Divertible,Capable of being diverted.
Diverticle,A turning; a byway; a bypath.
Diverticular,Pertaining to a diverticulum.
Diverticula,of Diverticulum
Diverticulum,A blind tube branching out of a longer one.
Divertimento,A light and pleasing composition.
Divertise,To divert; to entertain.
Divertisement,Diversion; amusement; recreation.
Divertive,Tending to divert; diverting; amusing; interesting.
Divested,of Divest
Divesting,of Divest
Divestible,Capable of being divested.
Divestment,The act of divesting.
Divesture,Divestiture.
Divet,See Divot.
Dividable,Capable of being divided; divisible.
Dividant,Different; distinct.
Divided,of Divide
Dividing,of Divide
Dividedly,Separately; in a divided manner.
Divident,Dividend; share.
Dividingly,By division.
Dividual,Divided  shared or participated in in common with others.
Dividually,By dividing.
Dividuous,Divided; dividual.
Divinator,One who practices or pretends to divination; a diviner.
Divinatory,Professing  or relating to divination.
Divine,Of or belonging to God; as  divine perfections; the divine will.
Divined,of Divine
Divining,of Divine
Divinement,Divination.
Divineness,The quality of being divine; superhuman or supreme excellence.
Divineress,A woman who divines.
Divinify,To render divine; to deify.
Diviningly,In a divining manner.
Divinistre,A diviner.
Divinities,of Divinity
Divinization,A making divine.
Divinize,To invest with a divine character; to deify.
Divisible,Capable of being divided or separated.
Divisionally,So as to be divisional.
Divisionary,Divisional.
Divisionor,One who divides or makes division.
Divisive,Indicating division or distribution.
Divisor,The number by which the dividend is divided.
Divorced,of Divorce
Divorcing,of Divorce
Divorceable,Capable of being divorced.
Divorcee,A person divorced.
Divorceless,Incapable of being divorced or separated; free from divorce.
Divorcement,Dissolution of the marriage tie; divorce; separation.
Divorcer,The person or cause that produces or effects a divorce.
Divorcible,Divorceable.
Divorcive,Having power to divorce; tending to divorce.
Divulgate,Published.
Divulgater,A divulger.
Divulgation,The act of divulging or publishing.
Divulged,of Divulge
Divulging,of Divulge
Divulsive,Tending to pull asunder  tear or rend; distracting.
Dizened,of Dizen
Dizening,of Dizen
Dizen,To dress; to attire.
Dizz,To make dizzy; to astonish; to puzzle.
Dizzard,A blockhead. [Obs.] [Written also dizard  and disard.]
Dizzily,In a dizzy manner or state.
Dizziness,Giddiness; a whirling sensation in the head; vertigo.
Dizzied,of Dizzy
Dizzying,of Dizzy
Djereed,Alt. of Djerrid
Djerrid,A blunt javelin used in military games in Moslem countries.
Jjinn,of Djinnee
Djinns,of Djinnee
Djinnee,See Jinnee  Jinn.
Do.,An abbreviation of Ditto.
Done,of Do
Doing,of Do
Doable,Capable of being done.
Do-all,General manager; factotum.
Doand,Doing.
Doat,See Dote.
Dobber,See Dabchick.
Dobbin,An old jaded horse.
Dobchick,See Dabchick.
Dobule,The European dace.
Docent,Serving to instruct; teaching.
Docetic,Pertaining to  held by or like the Docetae.
Docetism,The doctrine of the Docetae.
Dochmiac,Pertaining to  or containing the dochmius.
Dochmius,A foot of five syllables (usually / -- -/ -).
Docibility,Alt. of Docibleness
Docibleness,Aptness for being taught; teachableness; docility.
Docible,Easily taught or managed; teachable.
Docile,Teachable; easy to teach; docible.
Docility,teachableness; aptness for being taught; docibleness.
Docimastic,Proving by experiments or tests.
Docimology,A treatise on the art of testing  as in assaying metals etc.
Docity,Teachableness.
Docked,of Dock
Docking,of Dock
Dockage,A charge for the use of a dock.
Dock-cress,Nipplewort.
Docketed,of Docket
Docketing,of Docket
Docquet,See Docket.
Doctored,of Doctor
Doctoring,of Doctor
Doctoral,Of or relating to a doctor  or to the degree of doctor.
Doctorally,In the manner of a doctor.
Doctorate,The degree  title or rank of a doctor.
Doctoress,A female doctor.
Doctorly,Like a doctor or learned man.
Doctorship,Doctorate.
Doctress,A female doctor.
Doctrinable,Of the nature of  or constituting doctrine.
Doctrinarian,A doctrinaire.
Doctrinarianism,The principles or practices of the Doctrinaires.
Doctrine,Teaching; instruction.
Documental,Of or pertaining to instruction.
Dodd,Alt. of Dod
Dod,To cut off  as wool from sheep's tails; to lop or clip off.
Doddered,Shattered; infirm.
Dodecagynia,A Linnaean order of plants having twelve styles.
Dodecagynian,Alt. of Dodecagynous
Dodecagynous,Of or pertaining to the Dodecagynia; having twelve styles.
Dodecahedron,A solid having twelve faces.
Dodecandrian,Alt. of Dodecandrous
Dodecastyle,Having twelve columns in front.
Dodecasyllabic,Having twelve syllables.
Dodecasyllable,A word consisting of twelve syllables.
Dodged,of Dodge
Dodging,of Dodge
Dodgery,trickery; artifice.
Dodipate,Alt. of Dodipoll
Dodipoll,A stupid person; a fool; a blockhead.
Dodkin,A doit; a small coin.
Dodman,A snail; also  a snail shell; a hodmandod.
Dodoes,of Dodo
Does,The 3d pers. sing. pres. of Do.
Doeskin,The skin of the doe.
Doffed,of Doff
Doffing,of Doff
Dogged,of Dog
Dogging,of Dog
Dogal,Of or pertaining to a doge.
Dogate,The office or dignity of a doge.
Dog bee,A male or drone bee.
Dogberry,The berry of the dogwood; -- called also dogcherry.
Dogbolt,The bolt of the cap-square over the trunnion of a cannon.
Dog-brier,The dog-rose.
Dog day,Alt. of Dogday
Dogday,One of the dog days.
Dogdraw,The act of drawing after  or pursuing deer with a dog.
Doge,The chief magistrate in the republics of Venice and Genoa.
Dogeate,Dogate.
Dogeless,Without a doge.
Dog-faced,Having a face resembling that of a dog.
Dog-fox,A male fox. See the Note under Dog  n. 6.
Doggedly,In a dogged manner; sullenly; with obstinate resolution.
Doggedness,Sullenness; moroseness.
Dogger,A two-masted fishing vessel  used by the Dutch.
Doggerel,Low in style  and irregular in measure; as doggerel rhymes.
Doggerman,A sailor belonging to a dogger.
Dogget,Docket. See Docket.
Doggrel,Same as Doggerel.
Dog-hearted,Inhuman; cruel.
Doghole,A place fit only for dogs; a vile  mean habitation or apartment.
Dogmas,of Dogma
Dogmata,of Dogma
Dogma,That which is held as an opinion; a tenet; a doctrine.
Dogmatically,In a dogmatic manner; positively; magisterially.
Dogmaticalness,The quality of being dogmatical; positiveness.
Dogmatician,A dogmatist.
Dogmatics,The science which treats of Christian doctrinal theology.
Dogmatized,of Dogmatize
Dogmatizing,of Dogmatize
Dogmatizer,One who dogmatizes; a bold asserter; a magisterial teacher.
Dog-rose,A common European wild rose  with single pink or white flowers.
Dog's-bane,See Dogbane.
Dogship,The character  or individuality of a dog.
Dogsick,Sick as a dog sometimes is very sick.
Dogsleep,Pretended sleep.
Dog's-tongue,Hound's-tongue.
Dogtie,A cramp.
Dogteeth,of Dogtooth
Dogtooth,See Canine tooth  under Canine.
Dogtrick,A gentle trot  like that of a dog.
Dog-weary,Extremely weary.
Dohtren,Daughters.
Doily,A kind of woolen stuff.
Doings,of Doing
Doitkin,A very small coin; a doit.
Dokimastic,Docimastic.
Doko,See Lepidosiren.
Dolabra,A rude ancient ax or hatchet  seen in museums.
Dolce,Alt. of Dolcemente
Dolcemente,Softly; sweetly; with soft  smooth and delicate execution.
Dolcino,Alt. of Dulcino
Dulcino,A small bassoon  formerly much used.
Dole,grief; sorrow; lamentation.
Doled,of Dole
Doling,of Dole
Dolent,Sorrowful.
Dolente,Plaintively. See Doloroso.
Doleritic,Of the nature of dolerite; as  much lava is doleritic lava.
Dolesome,Doleful; dismal; gloomy; sorrowful.
Dolf,of Delve.
Dolichocephalic,Alt. of Dolichocephalous
Dolichocephaly,Alt. of Dolichocephalism
Dolichocephalism,The quality or condition of being dolichocephalic.
Dolioform,Barrel-shaped  or like a cask in form.
Do-little,One who performs little though professing much.
Doll,A child's puppet; a toy baby for a little girl.
Dollman,See Dolman.
Dollies,of Dolly
Dolmen,A cromlech. See Cromlech.
Dolomitic,Pertaining to dolomite.
Dolomize,To convert into dolomite.
Dolor,Pain; grief; distress; anguish.
Doloriferous,Producing pain.
Dolorific,Alt. of Dolorifical
Dolorifical,Causing pain or grief.
Doloroso,Plaintive; pathetic; -- used adverbially as a musical direction.
Dolphinet,A female dolphin.
Dolus,Evil intent  embracing both malice and fraud. See Culpa.
Dolven,of Delve.
Domable,Capable of being tamed; tamable.
Domableness,Tamableness.
Domage,Damage; hurt.
Domain,Dominion; empire; authority.
Domal,Pertaining to a house.
Domanial,Of or relating to a domain or to domains.
Dome,A building; a house; an edifice; -- used chiefly in poetry.
Domed,Furnished with a dome; shaped like a dome.
Domesday,A day of judgment. See Doomsday.
Domesmen,of Domesman
Domesman,A judge; an umpire.
Domestical,Domestic.
Domesticant,Forming part of the same family.
Domesticated,of Domesticate
Domesticating.,of Domesticate
Domesticator,One who domesticates.
Domesticity,The state of being domestic; domestic character; household life.
Domett,A kind of baize of which the ward is cotton and the weft woolen.
Domical,Relating to  or shaped like a dome.
Domiciled,of Domicile
Domiciling,of Domicile
Domiciliar,A member of a household; a domestic.
Domiciliated,of Domiciliate
Domiciliating,of Domiciliate
Domiciliate,To establish in a permanent residence; to domicile.
Domiciliation,The act of domiciliating; permanent residence; inhabitancy.
Domiculture,The art of house-keeping  cookery etc.
Dominance,Alt. of Dominancy
Dominancy,Predominance; ascendency; authority.
Dominated,of Dominate
Dominating,of Dominate
Dominate,To predominate over; to rule; to govern.
Dominative,Governing; ruling; imperious.
Dominator,A ruler or ruling power.
Domineered,of Domineer
Domineering,of Domineer
Dominical,Indicating  or pertaining to the Lord's day or Sunday.
Dominicide,The act of killing a master.
Dominie,A schoolmaster; a pedagogue.
Dominos,of Domino
Dominoes,of Domino
Domini,of Dominus
Domitable,That can be tamed.
Donned,of Don
Donning,of Don
Donable,Capable of being donated or given.
Donary,A thing given to a sacred use.
Donat,A grammar.
Donatary,See Donatory.
Donated,of Donate
Donating,of Donate
Donation,The act of giving or bestowing; a grant.
Donatism,The tenets of the Donatists.
Donatistic,Pertaining to Donatism.
Donative,A gift; a largess; a gratuity; a present.
Donator,One who makes a gift; a donor; a giver.
Do-naught,A lazy  good-for-nothing fellow.
Donee,The person to whom a gift or donation is made.
Donet,Same as Donat. Piers Plowman.
Doniferous,Bearing gifts.
Donkeys,of Donkey
Donkey,An ass; or (less frequently) a mule.
Donna,A lady; madam; mistress; -- the title given a lady in Italy.
Donnat,See Do-naught.
Donnism,Self-importance; loftiness of carriage.
Do-nothing,Doing nothing; inactive; idle; lazy; as  a do-nothing policy.
Do-nothingism,Alt. of Do-nothingness
Do-nothingness,Inactivity; habitual sloth; idleness.
Donship,The quality or rank of a don  gentleman or knight.
Donzel,A young squire  or knight's attendant; a page.
Doo,A dove.
Doodle,A trifler; a simple fellow.
Doodlesack,The Scotch bagpipe.
Doole,Sorrow; dole.
Doolies,of Dooly
Doom,Judgment; judicial sentence; penal decree; condemnation.
Doomed,of Doom
Dooming,of Doom
Doomage,A penalty or fine for neglect.
Doomful,Full of condemnation or destructive power.
Doomsday,A day of sentence or condemnation; day of death.
Doomsman,A judge; an umpire.
Doomster,Same as Dempster.
Doorcase,The surrounding frame into which a door shuts.
Doorcheek,The jamb or sidepiece of a door.
Dooring,The frame of a door.
Doorless,Without a door.
Doorpost,The jamb or sidepiece of a doorway.
Doorsill,The sill or threshold of a door.
Doorstead,Entrance or place of a door.
Doorstep,The stone or plank forming a step before an outer door.
Doorstone,The stone forming a threshold.
Doorway,The passage of a door; entrance way into a house or a room.
Dooryard,A yard in front of a house or around the door of a house.
Dop,Alt. of Doop
Doop,A little copper cup in which a diamond is held while being cut.
Dopper,An Anabaptist or Baptist.
Doquet,A warrant. See Docket.
Dorbeetle,See 1st Dor.
Doretree,A doorpost.
Doricism,A Doric phrase or idiom.
Dorism,A Doric phrase or idiom.
Dormancy,The state of being dormant; quiescence; abeyance.
Dormer,Alt. of Dormer window
Dormitive,Causing sleep; as  the dormitive properties of opium.
Dormitories,of Dormitory
Dormice,of Dormouse
Dorn,A British ray; the thornback.
Dornick,Alt. of Dornock
Dorp,A hamlet.
Dorr,The dorbeetle; also  a drone or an idler. See 1st Dor.
Dorrfly,See 1st Dor.
Dorrhawk,See Dorhawk.
Dorsad,Toward the dorsum or back; on the dorsal side; dorsally.
Dorsale,Same as Dorsal  n.
Dorsally,On  or toward the dorsum or back; on the dorsal side of; dorsad.
Dorse,Same as dorsal  n.
Dorsel,A pannier.
Dorser,See Dosser.
Dorsimeson,(Anat.) See Meson.
Dorsiparous,Same as Dorsiferous.
Dorsum,The ridge of a hill.
Dortour,Alt. of Dorture
Dorture,A dormitory.
Dories,of Dory
Dory,A European fish. See Doree  and John Doree.
Dosed,of Dose
dosing,of Dose
Dosel,Same as Dorsal  n.
Dosology,Posology.
Dossel,Same as Dorsal  n.
Dosser,A pannier  or basket.
Dost,of Do.
Dot,A marriage portion; dowry.
Dotted,of Dot
Dotting,of Dot
Dotant,A dotard.
Dotard,One whose mind is impaired by age; one in second childhood.
Dotardly,Foolish; weak.
Dotary,A dotard's weakness; dotage.
Dotation,The act of endowing  or bestowing a marriage portion on a woman.
Dote,A marriage portion. [Obs.] See 1st Dot  n.
Doted,of Dote
Doting,of Dote
Dotehead,A dotard.
Dotery,The acts or speech of a dotard; drivel.
Doth,of Do.
Dotish,Foolish; weak; imbecile.
Dottard,An old  decayed tree.
Dotterel,Decayed.
Dotting pen,See under Pun.
Dottrel,See Dotterel.
Doty,Half-rotten; as  doty timber.
Douane,A customhouse.
Douanier,An officer of the French customs.
Douar,A village composed of Arab tents arranged in streets.
Doub grass,Doob grass.
Doubled,of Double
Doubling,of Double
Double-barreled,Alt. of -barrelled
Double-beat valve,See under Valve.
Double-charge,To load with a double charge  as of gunpowder.
Double dealer,One who practices double dealing; a deceitful  trickish person.
Double dealing,False or deceitful dealing. See Double dealing  under Dealing.
Double-decker,A man-of-war having two gun decks.
Double-dye,To dye again or twice over.
Double-eyed,Having a deceitful look.
Double-faced,Having two faces designed for use; as  a double-faced hammer.
Double first,A degree of the first class both in classics and mathematics.
Double-handed,Having two hands.
Double-headed,Having two heads; bicipital.
Doublehearted,Having a false heart; deceitful; treacherous.
Double-lock,To lock with two bolts; to fasten with double security.
Doubleness,The state of being double or doubled.
Doubler,One who  or that which doubles.
Double-shade,To double the natural darkness of (a place).
Doublet,Two of the same kind; a pair; a couple.
Doublethreaded,Consisting of two threads twisted together; using two threads.
Double-tongue,Deceit; duplicity.
Double-tongued,Making contrary declarations on the same subject; deceitful.
Doublets,See Doublet  6 and 7.
Dou/ted,of Doubt
Doubting,of Doubt
Doubtable,Capable of being doubted; questionable.
Doubtance,State of being in doubt; uncertainty; doubt.
Doubtfully,In a doubtful manner.
Doubtfulness,State of being doubtful.
Doubtless,Free from fear or suspicion.
Doubtlessly,Unquestionably.
Doubtous,Doubtful.
Douce,Sweet; pleasant.
Doucet,Alt. of Dowset
Dowset,A custard.
Douceur,Gentleness and sweetness of manner; agreeableness.
Doucine,Same as Cyma/recta  under Cyma.
Doughbird,The Eskimo curlew (Numenius borealis). See Curlew.
Dough-faced,Easily molded; pliable.
Doughfaceism,The character of a doughface; truckling pliability.
Doughiness,The quality or state of being doughy.
Dough-kneaded,Like dough; soft.
Doughtily,In a doughty manner.
Doughtiness,The quality of being doughty; valor; bravery.
Doughtren,Daughters.
Doughty,Able; strong; valiant; redoubtable; as  a doughty hero.
Doulocracy,A government by slaves.
Doum palm,See Doom palm.
Doupe,The carrion crow.
Dour,Hard; inflexible; obstinate; sour in aspect; hardy; bold.
Doura,A kind of millet. See Durra.
Douroucouli,See Durukuli.
Doused,of Douse
Dousing,of Douse
Douse,To plunge suddenly into water; to duck; to immerse; to dowse.
Dout,To put out.
Douter,An extinguisher for candles.
Dovecot,Alt. of Dovecote
Dove-eyed,Having eyes like a dove; meekeyed; as  dove-eyed Peace.
Dovelet,A young or small dove.
Dovelike,Mild as a dove; gentle; pure and lovable.
Dovetailed,of Dovetail
Dovetailing,of Dovetail
Dovish,Like a dove; harmless; innocent.
Dow,A kind of vessel. See Dhow.
Dowable,Capable of being endowed; entitled to dower.
Dowcet,One of the testicles of a hart or stag.
Dowdies,of Dowdy
Dowdyish,Like a dowdy.
Doweled,of Dowel
Dowelled,of Dowel
Doweling,of Dowel
Dowelling,of Dowel
Dower,That with which one is gifted or endowed; endowment; gift.
Dowered,Furnished with  or as with dower or a marriage portion.
Dowerless,Destitute of dower; having no marriage portion.
Dowery,See Dower.
Dowl,Same as Dowle.
Dowle,Feathery or wool-like down; filament of a feather.
Downed,of Down
Downing,of Down
Downbear,To bear down; to depress.
Downcome,Sudden fall; downfall; overthrow.
Downfall,A sudden fall; a body of things falling.
Downfallen,Fallen; ruined.
Downfalling,Falling down.
Downgyved,Hanging down like gyves or fetters.
Downhearted,Dejected; low-spirited.
Downhill,Towards the bottom of a hill; as  water runs downhill.
Downiness,The quality or state of being downy.
Downlooked,Having a downcast countenance; dejected; gloomy; sullen.
Downlying,The time of retiring to rest; time of repose.
Downright,Straight down; perpendicularly.
Down-share,A breastplow used in paring off turf on downs.
Downsitting,The act of sitting down; repose; a resting.
Downstairs,Down the stairs; to a lower floor.
Downsteepy,Very steep.
Downstream,Down the stream; as  floating downstream.
Downstroke,A stroke made with a downward motion of the pen or pencil.
Downtrod,Alt. of Downtrodden
Downtrodden,Trodden down; trampled down; abused by superior power.
Downward,Alt. of Downwards
Downweed,Cudweed  a species of Gnaphalium.
Downweigh,To weigh or press down.
Downy,Covered with down  or with pubescence or soft hairs.
Dowral,Of or relating to a dower.
Dowress,A woman entitled to dower.
Dowries,of Dowry
Dowry,A gift; endowment.
Dowse,To plunge  or duck into water; to immerse; to douse.
Dowst,A dowse.
Dowve,A dove.
Doxological,Pertaining to doxology; giving praise to God.
Doxologized,of Doxologize
Doxologizing,of Doxologize
Doxologies,of Doxology
Doxies,of Doxy
Doxy,A loose wench; a disreputable sweetheart.
Doyly,See Doily.
Dozed,of Doze
Dozing,of Doze
Dozen,of Dozen
Dozens,of Dozen
Dozenth,Twelfth.
Dozer,One who dozes or drowses.
Doziness,The state of being dozy; drowsiness; inclination to sleep.
Dozy,Drowsy; inclined to doze; sleepy; sluggish; as  a dozy head.
Dozzled,Stupid; heavy.
Drab,A low  sluttish woman.
Drabbed,of Drab
Drabbing,of Drab
Drabber,One who associates with drabs; a wencher.
Drabbet,A coarse linen fabric  or duck.
Drabbish,Somewhat drab in color.
Drabbled,of Drabble
Drabbling,of Drabble
Drabble-tail,A draggle-tail; a slattern.
Drachm,A drachma.
Drachmas,of Drachma
Drachmae,of Drachma
Drachme,See Drachma.
Dracin,See Draconin.
Draconian,Pertaining to Draco  a famous lawgiver of Athens 621 b. c.
Dracontine,Belonging to a dragon.
Dracunculi,of Dracunculus
Dracunculus,A fish; the dragonet.
Drad,Dreaded.
Dradde,of Dread.
Dradge,Inferior ore  separated from the better by cobbing.
Draffish,Worthless; draffy.
Draffy,Dreggy; waste; worthless.
Drafted,of Draft
Drafting,of Draft
Draftsman,See Draughtsman.
Drag,A confection; a comfit; a drug.
Dragged,of Drag
Dragging,of Drag
Dragantine,A mucilage obtained from  or containing gum tragacanth.
Dragbar,Same as Drawbar (b). Called also draglink  and drawlink.
Dragbolt,A coupling pin. See under Coupling.
Dragees,Sugar-coated medicines.
Draggled,of Draggle
Draggling,of Draggle
Draggle-tailed,Untidy; sluttish; slatternly.
Draglink,A link connecting the cranks of two shafts.
Dragmen,of Dragman
Dragman,A fisherman who uses a dragnet.
Dragomans,of Dragoman
Dragonet,A little dragon.
Dragonish,resembling a dragon.
Dragonlike,Like a dragon.
Dragon's blood,Alt. of Dragon's tail
Dragon's head,Alt. of Dragon's tail
Dragon's tail,See Dragon's blood  Dragon's head etc. under Dragon.
Dragooned,of Dragoon
Dragooning,of Dragoon
Dragoonade,See Dragonnade.
Dragooner,A dragoon.
Drail,To trail; to draggle.
Drained,of Drain
Draining,of Drain
Drainable,Capable of being drained.
Draine,The missel thrush.
Drainer,One who  or that which drains.
Drainpipe,A pipe used for carrying off surplus water.
Draintrap,See 4th Trap  5.
Drake,The male of the duck kind.
Dramatic,Alt. of Dramatical
Dramatically,In a dramatic manner; theatrically; vividly.
Dramatis personae,The actors in a drama or play.
Dramatist,The author of a dramatic composition; a writer of plays.
Dramatizable,Capable of being dramatized.
Dramatization,Act of dramatizing.
Dramatized,of Dramatize
Dramatizing,of Dramatize
Dramaturgic,Relating to dramaturgy.
Dramaturgist,One versed in dramaturgy.
Dramaturgy,The art of dramatic composition and representation.
Dramming,The practice of drinking drams.
Dramseller,One who sells distilled liquors by the dram or glass.
Dramshop,A shop or barroom where spirits are sold by the dram.
Drank,of Drink.
Drap d'ete,A thin woolen fabric  twilled like merino.
Draped,of Drape
Draping,of Drape
Draperied,Covered or supplied with drapery.
Draperies,of Drapery
Drapery,The occupation of a draper; cloth-making  or dealing in cloth.
Drapet,Cloth.
Drasty,Filthy; worthless.
Draugh,See Draft.
Draught,The act of drawing or pulling
Draughted,of Draught
Draughting,of Draught
Draughthouse,A house for the reception of waste matter; a privy.
Draughts,A mild vesicatory. See Draught  n. 3 (c).
Draughtsmen,of Draughtsman
Draughtsman,One who draws pleadings or other writings.
Draughtsmanship,The office  art or work of a draughtsman.
Drave,old imp. of Drive.
Dravidian,Of or pertaining to the Dravida.
Drew,of Draw
Drawn,of Draw
Drawing,of Draw
Drawable,Capable of being drawn.
Drawbolt,A coupling pin. See under Coupling.
Drawcansir,A blustering  bullying fellow; a pot-valiant braggart; a bully.
Draw-cut,A single cut with a knife.
Drawer,One who  or that which draws
Drawgear,A harness for draught horses.
Drawgloves,An old game  played by holding up the fingers.
Drawing knife,Alt. of Drawknife
Drawled,of Drawl
Drawling,of Drawl
Drawl,To utter in a slow  lengthened tone.
Drawlatch,A housebreaker or thief.
Drawlink,Same as Drawbar (b).
Drawnet,A net for catching the larger sorts of birds; also  a dragnet.
Drawshave,See Drawing knife.
Drawspring,The spring to which a drawbar is attached.
Dray,A squirrel's nest.
Drayage,Use of a dray.
Draymen,of Drayman
Drayman,A man who attends a dray.
Drazel,A slut; a vagabond wench. Same as Drossel.
Dreaded,of Dread
Dreading,of Dread
Dreadable,Worthy of being dreaded.
Dread-bolted,Armed with dreaded bolts.
Dreader,One who fears  or lives in fear.
Dreadful,Full of dread or terror; fearful.
Dreadfully,In a dreadful manner; terribly.
Dreadfulness,The quality of being dreadful.
Dreadingly,With dread.
Dreadlessness,Freedom from dread.
Dreadly,Dreadful.
Dreadnaught,A fearless person.
Dreamed,of Dream
Dreamt,of Dream
Dreaming,of Dream
Dreamer,One who dreams.
Dreamful,Full of dreams.
Dreamily,As if in a dream; softly; slowly; languidly.
Dreaminess,The state of being dreamy.
Dreamingly,In a dreamy manner.
Dreamless,Free from  or without dreams.
Drear,Dismal; gloomy with solitude.
Drearihead,Alt. of Drearihood
Drearihood,Affliction; dreariness.
Drearily,Gloomily; dismally.
Dreariment,Dreariness.
Dreariness,Sorrow; wretchedness.
Drearing,Sorrow.
Drearisome,Very dreary.
Dreary,Sorrowful; distressful.
Drecche,To vex; to torment; to trouble.
Dredged,of Dredge
Dredging,of Dredge
Dredger,One who fishes with a dredge.
Dree,To endure; to suffer.
Dregginess,Fullness of dregs or lees; foulness; feculence.
Dreggish,Foul with lees; feculent.
Dreggy,Containing dregs or lees; muddy; foul; feculent.
Drein,To drain.
Dreint,p. p. of Drench to drown.
Drenched,of Drench
Drenching,of Drench
Drenche,To drown.
Drencher,One who  or that which west or steeps.
Drengage,The tenure by which a drench held land.
Drent,Drenched; drowned.
Dressed,of Dress
Drest,of Dress
Dressing,of Dress
Dress,To direct; to put right or straight; to regulate; to order.
Dressiness,The state of being dressy.
Dressmaker,A maker of gowns  or similar garments; a mantuamaker.
Dressmaking,The art  process or occupation of making dresses.
Dressy,Showy in dress; attentive to dress.
Dretch,See Drecche.
Dreul,To drool.
Drevil,A fool; a drudge. See Drivel.
Drey,A squirrel's nest. See Dray.
Dreye,Dry.
Dreynt,p. p.  of Drench to drown.
Dribbed,of Drib
Dribbing,of Drib
Drib,To do by little and little
Dribber,One who dribs; one who shoots weakly or badly.
Dribbled,of Dribble
Dribbler,One who dribbles.
Dribblet,Alt. of Driblet
Drie,To endure.
Dried,of Day. Also adj.; as  dried apples.
Driest,of Dry  a.
Drift,A driving; a violent movement.
Drifted,of Drift
Drifting,of Drift
Driftage,Deviation from a ship's course due to leeway.
Driftbolt,A bolt for driving out other bolts.
Driftless,Having no drift or direction; without aim; purposeless.
Driftpin,A smooth drift. See Drift  n. 9.
Driftway,A common way  road or path for driving cattle.
Driftweed,Seaweed drifted to the shore by the wind.
Driftwind,A driving wind; a wind that drives snow  sand etc. into heaps.
Driftwood,Wood drifted or floated by water.
Drifty,Full of drifts; tending to form drifts  as snow and the like.
Drilled,of Drill
Drilling,of Drill
Driller,One who  or that which drills.
Drillmaster,One who teaches drill  especially in the way of gymnastics.
Drillstock,A contrivance for holding and turning a drill.
Drily,See Dryly.
Drunk,of Drink
Drunken,of Drink
Drinking,of Drink
Drinkableness,State of being drinkable.
Drinkless,Destitute of drink.
Dripped,of Drip
Dript,of Drip
Dripping,of Drip
Drip,To fall in drops; as  water drips from the eaves.
Dripple,Weak or rare.
Dripstone,A drip  when made of stone. See Drip 2.
Drove,of Drive
Driven,of Drive
Driving,of Drive
Drivebolt,A drift; a tool for setting bolts home.
Driveled,of Drivel
Drivelled,of Drivel
Driveling,of Drivel
Drivelling,of Drivel
Driveler,A slaverer; a slabberer; an idiot; a fool.
Drivepipe,A pipe for forcing into the earth.
Drizzled,of Drizzle
Drizzling,of Drizzle
Drizzly,Characterized by small rain  or snow; moist and disagreeable.
Drock,A water course.
Drofland,Alt. of Dryfland
Drogman,Alt. of Drogoman
Drogoman,See Dragoman.
Drogue,See Drag  n. 6 and Drag sail under Drag n.
Droh,of Draw.
Droil,To work sluggishly or slowly; to plod.
Droitzschka,See Drosky.
Drolled,of Droll
Drolling,of Droll
Droller,A jester; a droll.
Drolleries,of Drollery
Drollingly,In a jesting manner.
Drollish,Somewhat droll.
Drollist,A droll.
Dromedaries,of Dromedary
Dromond,Alt. of Dromon
Droned,of Drone
Droning,of Drone
Drone bee,The male of the honeybee; a drone.
Dronepipe,One of the low-toned tubes of a bagpipe.
Drongos,of Drongo
Dronish,Like a drone; indolent; slow.
Dronkelewe,Given to drink; drunken.
Dronte,The dodo.
Drony,Like a drone; sluggish; lazy.
Drooled,of Drool
Drooling,of Drool
Drool,To drivel  or drop saliva; as the child drools.
Drooped,of Droop
Drooping,of Droop
Drooper,One who  or that which droops.
Droopingly,In a drooping manner.
Dropped,of Drop
Dropt,of Drop
Dropping,of Drop
Droplet,A little drop; a tear.
Dropmeal,Alt. of Dropmele
Dropmele,By drops or small portions.
Droppinly,In drops.
Dropsicalness,State of being dropsical.
Dropsied,Diseased with drops.
Dropsies,of Dropsy
Dropwise,After the manner of a drop; in the form of drops.
Droskies,of Drosky
Drossel,A slut; a hussy; a drazel.
Drossless,Free from dross.
Drotchel,See Drossel.
Drough,of Draw.
Droughtiness,A state of dryness of the weather; want of rain.
Droughty,Characterized by drought; wanting rain; arid; adust.
Droumy,Troubled; muddy.
Drouth,Same as Drought.
Drouthy,Droughty.
Droven,of Drive.
Drovy,Turbid; muddy; filthy.
Drow,of Draw.
Drowned,of Drown
Drowning,of Drown
Drown,To be suffocated in water or other fluid; to perish in water.
Drownage,The act of drowning.
Drowner,One who  or that which drowns.
Drowsed,of Drowse
Drowsing,of Drowse
Drowsihead,Drowsiness.
Drowsihed,Drowsihead.
Drowsily,In a drowsy manner.
Drowsiness,State of being drowsy.
Drowsy,Inclined to drowse; heavy with sleepiness; lethargic; dozy.
Drowth,See Drought.
Droyle,See Droil.
Drubbed,of Drub
Drubbing,of Drub
Drub,To beat with a stick; to thrash; to cudgel.
Drubber,One who drubs.
Drudged,of Drudge
Drudging,of Drudge
Drudger,One who drudges; a drudge.
Drudging box,See Dredging box.
Drudgingly,In a drudging manner; laboriously.
Druery,Courtship; gallantry; love; an object of love.
Drug,To drudge; to toil laboriously.
Drugged,of Drug
Drugging,of Drug
Drugger,A druggist.
Drugster,A druggist.
Druidess,A female Druid; a prophetess.
Druidic,Alt. of Druidical
Druidical,Pertaining to  or resembling the Druids.
Druidish,Druidic.
Drummed,of Drum
Drumming,of Drum
Drumbeat,The sound of a beaten drum; drum music.
Drumble,To be sluggish or lazy; to be confused.
Drumhead,The parchment or skin stretched over one end of a drum.
Drumly,Turbid; muddy.
Drum major,.
Drumstick,A stick with which a drum is beaten.
Drunkenhead,Drunkenness.
Drunkenly,In a drunken manner.
Drunkenship,Alt. of Drunkship
Drunkship,The state of being drunk; drunkenness.
Drupal,Drupaceous.
Drupel,Alt. of Drupelet
Drupelet,A small drupe  as one of the pulpy grains of the blackberry.
Drusy,Alt. of Drused
Drused,Covered with a large number of minute crystals.
Druxey,Alt. of Druxy
Drying,of Dry
Dryades,of Dryas
Dryas,A dryad.
Dry-beat,To beat severely.
Dry-boned,Having dry bones  or bones without flesh.
Dry dock,See under Dock.
Dryer,See Drier.
Dry-eyed,Not having tears in the eyes.
Dry-fisted,Niggardly.
Dryfoot,The scent of the game  as far as it can be traced.
Dryness,The state of being dry. See Dry.
Drynurse,To feed  attend and bring up without the breast.
Dry-rubbed,of Dry-rub
Dry-rubbing,of Dry-rub
Dry-rub,To rub and cleanse without wetting.
Dry-shod,Without wetting the feet.
Dry-stone,Constructed of uncemented stone.
Dryth,Alt. of Drith
Drith,Drought.
Duad,A union of two; duality.
Dualist,One who believes in dualism; a ditheist.
Dualistic,Consisting of two; pertaining to dualism or duality.
Duan,A division of a poem corresponding to a canto; a poem or song.
Duarchy,Government by two persons.
Dubbed,of Dub
Dubbing,of Dub
Dubb,The Syrian bear. See under Bear.
Dubber,One who  or that which dubs.
Dubieties,of Dubiety
Dubiety,Doubtfulness; uncertainty; doubt.
Dubiosities,of Dubiosity
Dubiosity,The state of being doubtful; a doubtful statement or thing.
Dubiously,In a dubious manner.
Dubiousness,State of being dubious.
Dubitable,Liable to be doubted; uncertain.
Dubitancy,Doubt; uncertainty.
Dubitate,To doubt.
Dubitation,Act of doubting; doubt.
Dubitative,Tending to doubt; doubtful.
Duboisia,Same as Duboisine.
Ducal,Of or pertaining to a duke.
Duchesse d'Angouleme,A variety of pear of large size and excellent flavor.
Duchies,of Duchy
Duchy,The territory or dominions of a duke; a dukedom.
Duck,A pet; a darling.
Ducked,of Duck
Ducking,of Duck
Duckbill,See Duck mole  under Duck n.
Duck-billed,Having a bill like that of a duck.
Ducker,One who  or that which ducks; a plunger; a diver.
Duck-legged,Having short legs  like a waddling duck; short-legged.
Duckling,A young or little duck.
Duckmeat,Alt. of Duck's-meat
Duck's-meat,Duckweed.
Duck's-bill,Having the form of a duck's bill.
Duck's-foot,The May apple (Podophyllum peltatum).
Ductible,Capable of being drawn out
Duction,Guidance.
Ductless,Having to duct or outlet; as  a ductless gland.
Ductor,One who leads.
Ducture,Guidance.
Dudder,To confuse or confound with noise.
Duddery,A place where rags are bought and kept for sale.
Dudeen,A short tobacco pipe.
Dudgeon,The root of the box tree  of which hafts for daggers were made.
Dudish,Like  or characterized of a dude.
Duds,Old or inferior clothes; tattered garments.
Dueful,Fit; becoming.
Dueler,One who engages in a duel.
Dueling,The act or practice of fighting in single combat. Also adj.
Duelist,One who fights in single combat.
Duelo,A duel; also  the rules of dueling.
Due a,See Do a.
Dueness,Quality of being due; debt; what is due or becoming.
Duennas,of Duenna
Duenna,The chief lady in waiting on the queen of Spain.
Duet,A composition for two performers  whether vocal or instrumental.
Duettino,A duet of short extent and concise form.
Duetto,See Duet.
Duff,Dough or paste.
Duffel,A kind of coarse woolen cloth  having a thick nap or frieze.
Duffle,See Duffel.
Dugout,A canoe or boat dug out from a large log.
Duke,A leader; a chief; a prince.
Dukedom,The territory of a duke.
Dukeling,A little or insignificant duke.
Dulcamara,A plant (Solanum Dulcamara). See Bittersweet  n. 3 (a).
Dulce,To make sweet; to soothe.
Dulceness,Sweetness.
Dulcet,Sweet to the taste; luscious.
Dulciana,A sweet-toned stop of an organ.
Dulcification,The act of dulcifying or sweetening.
Dulcified,Sweetened; mollified.
Dulcifluous,Flowing sweetly.
Dulcifying,of Dulcify
Dulcify,To sweeten; to free from acidity  saltness or acrimony.
Dulciloquy,A soft manner of speaking.
Dulcinea,A mistress; a sweetheart.
Dulciness,See Dulceness.
Dulcitude,Sweetness.
Dulcorate,To sweeten; to make less acrimonious.
Dulcoration,The act of sweetening.
Duller,of Dull
Dulling,of Dull
Dullard,A stupid person; a dunce.
Dull-brained,Stupid; doltish.
Dull-browed,Having a gloomy look.
Dull-eyed,Having eyes wanting brightness  liveliness or vivacity.
Dullhead,A blockhead; a dolt.
Dullish,Somewhat dull; uninteresting; tiresome.
Dull-sighted,Having poor eyesight.
Dullsome,Dull.
Dull-witted,Stupid.
Dulocracy,See Doulocracy.
Dulwilly,The ring plover.
Dumal,Pertaining to  or set with briers or bushes; brambly.
Dumbledor,A bumblebee; also  a cockchafer.
Dumbly,In silence; mutely.
Dumetose,Dumose.
Dumfounded,of Dumfound
Dumfounding,of Dumfound
Dumfound,To strike dumb; to confuse with astonishment.
Dumfounder,To dumfound; to confound.
Dummador,A dumbledor.
Dummerer,One who feigns dumbness.
Dummy,Silent; mute; noiseless; as a dummy engine.
Dummies,of Dummy
Dumose,Alt. of Dumous
Dumous,Abounding with bushes and briers.
Dumped,of Dump
Dumping,of Dump
Dumpiness,The state of being dumpy.
Dumpish,Dull; stupid; sad; moping; melancholy.
Dumple,To make dumpy; to fold  or bend as one part over another.
Dumpy,Short and thick; of low stature and disproportionately stout.
Dun,A mound or small hill.
Dunned,of Dun
Dunning,of Dun
Dunbird,The pochard; -- called also dunair  and dunker or dun-curre.
Duncedom,The realm or domain of dunces.
Duncery,Dullness; stupidity.
Duncical,Like a dunce; duncish.
Duncify,To make stupid in intellect.
Duncish,Somewhat like a dunce.
Dunderhead,A dunce; a numskull; a blockhead.
Dunder-headed,Thick-headed; stupid.
Dunderpate,See Dunderhead.
Dunged,of Dung
Dunging,of Dung
Dungaree,A coarse kind of unbleached cotton stuff.
Dungfork,A fork for tossing dung.
Dunghill,A heap of dung.
Dungmeer,A pit where dung and weeds rot for manure.
Dungy,Full of dung; filthy; vile; low.
Dungyard,A yard where dung is collected.
Dunner,One employed in soliciting the payment of debts.
Dunnish,Inclined to a dun color.
Dunnock,The hedge sparrow or hedge accentor.
Dunny,Deaf; stupid.
Dunt,A blow.
Dunted,Beaten; hence  blunted.
Dunter,A porpoise.
Duo,A composition for two performers; a duet.
Duodecahedral,Alt. of Duodecahedron
Duodecahedron,See Dodecahedral  and Dodecahedron.
Duodecennial,Consisting of twelve years.
Duodecimfid,Divided into twelve parts.
Duodecimos,of Duodecimo
Duodecuple,Consisting of twelves.
Duodenal,Of or pertaining to the duodenum; as  duodenal digestion.
Duoliteral,Consisting of two letters only; biliteral.
Duomo,A cathedral. See Dome  2.
Dup,To open; as  to dup the door.
Dupable,Capable of being duped.
Duped,of Dupe
Duping,of Dupe
Duper,One who dupes another.
Dupery,The act or practice of duping.
Dupion,A double cocoon  made by two silkworms.
Duple,Double.
Duplex,Double; twofold.
Duplicate,Double; twofold.
Duplicated,of Duplicate
Duplicating,of Duplicate
Duplicative,Having the quality of duplicating or doubling.
Duplicature,A doubling; a fold  as of a membrane.
Duplicities,of Duplicity
Duplicity,Doubleness; a twofold state.
Dupper,See 2d Dubber.
Dur,Major; in the major mode; as  C dur that is C major.
Dura,Short form for Dura mater.
Durableness,Power of lasting  enduring or resisting; durability.
Durably,In a lasting manner; with long continuance.
Dural,Pertaining to the dura  or dura mater.
Duramen,The heartwood of an exogenous tree.
Durance,Continuance; duration. See Endurance.
Durancy,Duration.
Durant,See Durance  3.
Durative,Continuing; not completed; implying duration.
Dure,Hard; harsh; severe; rough; toilsome.
Dureful,Lasting.
Dureless,Not lasting.
Duressor,One who subjects another to duress
Durga,Same as Doorga.
Durian,Alt. of Durion
Durity,Hardness; firmness.
Durous,Hard.
Duse,A demon or spirit. See Deuce.
Dusken,To make dusk or obscure.
Duskily,In a dusky manner.
Duskiness,The state of being dusky.
Duskish,Somewhat dusky.
Duskness,Duskiness.
Dusted,of Dust
Dusting,of Dust
Duster,One who  or that which dusts; a utensil that frees from dust.
Dustiness,The state of being dusty.
Dustless,Without dust; as a dustless path.
Dustmen,of Dustman
Dustman,One whose employment is to remove dirt and defuse.
Dust-point,An old rural game.
Dutch,Pertaining to Holland  or to its inhabitants.
Dutchmen,of Dutchman
Dutchman,A native  or one of the people of Holland.
Dutiable,Subject to the payment of a duty; as dutiable goods.
Dutied,Subjected to a duty.
Duties,of Duty
Duty,That which is due; payment.
Duumvirs,of Duumvir
Duumviri,of Duumvir
Duumviral,Of or belonging to the duumviri or the duumvirate.
Duyoung,See Dugong.
D valve,A kind of slide valve. See Slide valve  under Slide.
Dvergar,of Dvergr
Dwarfs,of Dwarf
Dwarfed,of Dwarf
Dwarfing,of Dwarf
Dwarfling,A diminutive dwarf.
Dwarfy,Much undersized.
Dwaul,Alt. of Dwaule
Dwaule,To be delirious.
Dwelled,of Dwell
Dwelt,of Dwell
Dwelling,of Dwell
Dwell,To delay; to linger.
Dweller,An inhabitant; a resident; as  a cave dweller.
Dwindled,of Dwindle
Dwindling,of Dwindle
Dwindlement,The act or process of dwindling; a dwindling.
Dwine,To waste away; to pine; to languish.
Dyad,Two units treated as one; a couple; a pair.
Dyadic,Pertaining to the number two; of two parts or elements.
Dyed,of Dye
Dyeing,of Dye
Dyehouse,A building in which dyeing is carried on.
Dyer,One whose occupation is to dye cloth and the like.
Dyestuff,A material used for dyeing.
Dyewood,Any wood from which coloring matter is extracted for dyeing.
Dyingly,In a dying manner; as if at the point of death.
Dynameter,A dynamometer.
Dynametrical,Pertaining to a dynameter.
Dynamic,Alt. of Dynamical
Dynamically,In accordance with the principles of dynamics or moving forces.
Dynamism,The doctrine of Leibnitz  that all substance involves force.
Dynamist,One who accounts for material phenomena by a theory of dynamics.
Dynamitard,A political dynamiter. [A form found in some newspapers.]
Dynamiting,Destroying by dynamite  for political ends.
Dynamitism,The work of dynamiters.
Dynamo,A dynamo-electric machine.
Dynamometric,Alt. of Dynamometrical
Dynamometry,The art or process of measuring forces doing work.
Dynast,A ruler; a governor; a prince.
Dynasta,A tyrant.
Dynastic,Of or relating to a dynasty or line of kings.
Dynastical,Dynastic.
Dynasties,of Dynasty
Dynasty,Sovereignty; lordship; dominion.
Dysaesthesia,Impairment of any of the senses  esp. of touch.
Dyscrasite,A mineral consisting of antimony and silver.
Discrasies,of Dyscrasy
Dyscrasy,Dycrasia.
Dysenteric,Alt. of Dysenterical
Dyslogistic,Unfavorable; not commendatory; -- opposed to eulogistic.
Dysluite,A variety of the zinc spinel or gahnite.
Dysmenorrhea,Difficult and painful menstruation.
Dysnomy,Bad legislation; the enactment of bad laws.
Dyspepsia,Alt. of Dyspepsy
Dyspeptic,Alt. of Dyspeptical
Dysphagia,Alt. of Dysphagy
Dysphagy,Difficulty in swallowing.
Dysphonia,Alt. of Dysphony
Dyspnoea,Difficulty of breathing.
Dyspnoic,Affected with shortness of breath; relating to dyspnoea.
Dystocia,Difficult delivery pr parturition.
Dystome,Cleaving with difficulty.
Dysuria,Alt. of Dysury
Dysury,Difficult or painful discharge of urine.
Dysuric,Pertaining to  or afflicted with dysury.
Dzeren,Alt. of Dzeron
Dziggetai,The kiang  a wild horse or wild ass of Thibet (Asinus hemionus).
E,The fifth letter of the English alphabet.
E-,A Latin prefix meaning out  out of from; also without. See Ex-.
Eachwhere,Everywhere.
Eadish,See Eddish.
Eager,Sharp; sour; acid.
Eagerly,In an eager manner.
Eagerness,The state or quality of being eager; ardent desire.
Eagle-eyed,Sharp-sighted as an eagle.
Eagle-sighted,Farsighted and strong-sighted; sharp-sighted.
Eagless,A female or hen eagle.
Eaglet,A young eagle  or a diminutive eagle.
Eaglewood,A kind of fragrant wood. See Agallochum.
Eagrass,See Eddish.
Ealderman,Alt. of Ealdorman
Ealdorman,An alderman.
Eale,Ale.
Eame,Uncle.
Ean,To bring forth  as young; to yean.
Eanling,A lamb just brought forth; a yeanling.
Ear,The organ of hearing; the external ear.
Eared,of Ear
Earing,of Ear
Earable,Arable; tillable.
Earache,Ache or pain in the ear.
Earal,Receiving by the ear.
Ear-bored,Having the ear perforated.
Earcap,A cap or cover to protect the ear from cold.
Eardrop,A pendant for the ear; an earring; as  a pair of eardrops.
Eardrum,The tympanum. See Illust. of Ear.
Eariness,Fear or timidity  especially of something supernatural.
Earlap,The lobe of the ear.
Earldorman,Alderman.
Earlduck,The red-breasted merganser (Merganser serrator).
Earles penny,Earnest money. Same as Arles penny.
Earless,Without ears; hence  deaf or unwilling to hear.
Earlet,An earring.
Earliness,The state of being early or forward; promptness.
Earlock,A lock or curl of hair near the ear; a lovelock. See Lovelock.
Early,Soon; in good season; seasonably; betimes; as  come early.
Earmarked,of Earmark
Earmarking,of Earmark
Earn,See Ern  n.
Earned,of Earn
Earning,of Earn
Earnestful,Serious.
Earnestly,In an earnest manner.
Earnestness,The state or quality of being earnest; intentness; anxiety.
Earnful,Full of anxiety or yearning.
Earnings,of Earning
Earpick,An instrument for removing wax from the ear.
Ear-piercer,The earwig.
Earreach,Earshot.
Earsh,See Arrish.
Earshot,Reach of the ear; distance at which words may be heard.
Earshrift,A nickname for auricular confession; shrift.
Earsore,An annoyance to the ear.
Earst,See Erst.
Earthed,of Earth
Earthing,of Earth
Earthbank,A bank or mound of earth.
Earthbred,Low; grovelling; vulgar.
Earthdin,An earthquake.
Earthen-hearted,Hard-hearted; sordid; gross.
Earth flax,A variety of asbestus. See Amianthus.
Earthfork,A pronged fork for turning up the earth.
Earthling,An inhabitant of the earth; a mortal.
Earthmad,The earthworm.
Earthquave,An earthquake.
Earth shine,See Earth light  under Earth.
Earthshock,An earthquake.
Earth-tongue,A fungus of the genus Geoglossum.
Earthward,Alt. of Earthwards
Earthwards,Toward the earth; -- opposed to heavenward or skyward.
Earwax,See Cerumen.
Earwigged,of Earwig
Earwigging,of Earwig
Ease,Satisfaction; pleasure; hence  accommodation; entertainment.
Eased,of Ease
Easing,of Ease
Easeless,Without ease.
Easterly,Coming from the east; as  it was easterly wind.
Easternmost,Most eastern.
East Indian,Belonging to  or relating to the East Indies.
East-insular,Relating to the Eastern Islands; East Indian.
Eastward,Alt. of Eastwards
Easy,At ease; free from pain  trouble or constraint
Easy-chair,An armchair for ease or repose.
Easy-going,Moving easily; hence  mild-tempered; ease-loving; inactive.
Eat,of Eat
Eaten,of Eat
Eating,of Eat
Eater,One who  or that which eats.
Eath,Easy or easily.
Eau de Cologne,Same as Cologne.
Eau de vie,French name for brandy. Cf. Aqua vitae  under Aqua.
Eavedrop,A drop from the eaves; eavesdrop.
Ebb,The European bunting.
Ebbed,of Ebb
Ebbing,of Ebb
Ebionitism,The system or doctrine of the Ebionites.
Eblanin,See Pyroxanthin.
Eblis,The prince of the evil spirits; Satan.
Ebon,Consisting of ebony.
Ebonist,One who works in ebony.
Ebonized,of Ebonize
Ebonizing,of Ebonize
Ebonies,of Ebony
Ebracteate,Without bracts.
Ebrauke,Hebrew.
Ebrieties,of Ebriety
Ebriety,Drunkenness; intoxication by spirituous liquors; inebriety.
Ebriosity,Addiction to drink; habitual drunkenness.
Ebrious,Inclined to drink to excess; intoxicated; tipsy.
Ebulliate,To boil or bubble up.
Ebullience,Alt. of Ebulliency
Ebulliency,A boiling up or over; effervescence.
Eburnean,Made of or relating to ivory.
Eburnine,Of or pertaining to ivory.
Ecardines,An order of Brachiopoda; the Lyopomata. See Brachiopoda.
Ecaudate,Without a tail or spur.
Eccaleobion,A contrivance for hatching eggs by artificial heat.
Eccentrical,See Eccentric.
Eccentrically,In an eccentric manner.
Eccentricities,of Eccentricity
Ecchymoses,of Ecchymosis
Ecchymotic,Pertaining to ecchymosis.
Ecclesiae,of Ecclesia
Ecclesia,The public legislative assembly of the Athenians.
Ecclesial,Ecclesiastical.
Ecclesiast,An ecclesiastic.
Ecclesiastes,One of the canonical books of the Old Testament.
Ecclesiastic,Of or pertaining to the church. See Ecclesiastical.
Ecclesiastically,In an ecclesiastical manner; according ecclesiastical rules.
Ecclesiasticism,Strong attachment to ecclesiastical usages  forms etc.
Ecclesiasticus,A book of the Apocrypha.
Ecclesiological,Belonging to ecclesiology.
Ecclesiologist,One versed in ecclesiology.
Ecclesiology,The science or theory of church building and decoration.
Eccritic,A remedy which promotes discharges  as an emetic or a cathartic.
Ecderon,See Ecteron.
Ecdyses,of Ecdysis
Eche,Each.
Echidna,A monster  half maid and half serpent.
Echinate,Alt. of Echinated
Echinid,Same as Echinoid.
Echinidan,One the Echinoidea.
Echinital,Of  or like an echinite.
Echinite,A fossil echinoid.
Echinoderm,One of the Echinodermata.
Echinodermal,Relating or belonging to the echinoderms.
Echinodermatous,Relating to Echinodermata; echinodermal.
Echinoid,Of or pertaining to the Echinoidea.
Echinozoa,The Echinodermata.
Echinulate,Set with small spines or prickles.
Echini,of Echinus
Echinus,A hedgehog.
Echoes,of Echo
Echoed,of Echo
Echoing,of Echo
Echoer,One who  or that which echoes.
Echoless,Without echo or response.
Echometry,The art of measuring the duration of sounds or echoes.
Echon,Alt. of Echoon
Echoon,Each one.
Eclair,A kind of frosted cake  containing flavored cream.
Eclampsy,Same as Eclampsia.
Eclectically,In an eclectic manner; by an eclectic method.
Eclecticism,Theory or practice of an eclectic.
Eclegm,A medicine made by mixing oils with sirups.
Eclipsed,of Eclipse
Eclipsing,of Eclipse
Economic,Alt. of Economical
Economical,Pertaining to the household; domestic.
Economics,The science of household affairs  or of domestic management.
Economization,The act or practice of using to the best effect.
Economized,of Economize
Economizing,of Economize
Economizer,One who  or that which economizes.
Economies,of Economy
Ecossaise,A dancing tune in the Scotch style.
Ecostate,Having no ribs or nerves; -- said of a leaf.
Ecphasis,An explicit declaration.
Ecphonema,A breaking out with some interjectional particle.
Ecphoneme,A mark (!) used to indicate an exclamation.
Ecphonesis,An animated or passionate exclamation.
Ecrasement,The operation performed with an ecraseur.
Ecstasies,of Ecstasy
Ecstatical,Ecstatic.
Ecstatically,Rapturously; ravishingly.
Ect-,Alt. of Ecto-
Ecto-,A combining form signifying without  outside external.
Ectad,Toward the outside or surface; -- opposed to entad.
Ectasia,A dilatation of a hollow organ or of a canal.
Ectasis,The lengthening of a syllable from short to long.
Ectethmoid,External to the ethmoid; prefrontal.
Ecthorea,of Ecthoreum
Ecthymata,of Ecthyma
Ectoblast,The outer layer of the blastoderm; the epiblast; the ectoderm.
Ectobronchia,of Ectobronchium
Ectocuneriform,Alt. of Ectocuniform
Ectocuniform,One of the bones of the tarsus. See Cuneiform.
Ectocyst,The outside covering of the Bryozoa.
Ectoderm,The outer layer of the blastoderm; epiblast.
Ectodermal,Alt. of Ectodermic
Ectodermic,Of or relating to the ectoderm.
Ectopic,Out of place; congenitally displaced; as  an ectopic organ.
Ectoplasm,The outer transparent layer of protoplasm in a developing ovum.
Ectoplastic,Pertaining to  or composed of ectoplasm.
Ectopy,Same as Ectopia.
Ectorganism,An external parasitic organism.
Ectosteal,Of or pertaining to ectostosis; as  ectosteal ossification.
Ectozoic,See Epizoic.
Ectozoa,of Ectozoon
Ectozoon,See Epizoon.
Ectropion,An unnatural eversion of the eyelids.
Ectropium,Same as Ectropion.
Ectype,A copy  as in pottery of an artist's original work. Hence:
Ecumenic,Alt. of Ecumenical
Ecurie,A stable.
Eczematous,Pertaining to eczema; having the characteristic of eczema.
Edacious,Given to eating; voracious; devouring.
Edacity,Greediness; voracity; ravenousness; rapacity.
Eddas,of Edda
Eddaic,Alt. of Eddic
Eddic,Relating to the Eddas; resembling the Eddas.
Edder,An adder or serpent.
Eddish,Aftermath; also  stubble and stubble field. See Arrish.
Eddoes,The tubers of Colocasia antiquorum. See Taro.
Eddies,of Eddy
Eddied,of Eddy
Eddying,of Eddy
Edema,Same as oedema.
Edematous,Alt. of Edematose
Edematose,Same as oedematous.
Edenic,Of or pertaining to Eden; paradisaic.
Edenite,A variety of amphibole. See Amphibole.
Edenized,Admitted to a state of paradisaic happiness.
Edental,See Edentate  a.
Edentalous,See Edentate  a.
Edentate,Destitute of teeth; as  an edentate quadruped; an edentate leaf.
Edentated,Same as Edentate  a.
Edentation,A depriving of teeth.
Edentulous,Toothless.
Edged,of Edge
Edging,of Edge
Edgebone,Same as Aitchbone.
Edgelong,In the direction of the edge.
Edgeshot,Having an edge planed  -- said of a board.
Edgeways,Alt. of Edgewise
Edgewise,With the edge towards anything; in the direction of the edge.
Edgingly,Gradually; gingerly.
Edgy,Easily irritated; sharp; as  an edgy temper.
Edibility,Suitableness for being eaten; edibleness.
Edible,Fit to be eaten as food; eatable; esculent; as  edible fishes.
Edibleness,Suitableness for being eaten.
Edictal,Relating to  or consisting of edicts; as the Roman edictal law.
Edificant,Building; constructing.
Edificatory,Tending to edification.
Edificial,Pertaining to an edifice; structural.
Edifier,One who builds.
Edified,of Edify
Edifying,of Edify
Edify,To build; to construct.
Edile,See Aedile.
Edileship,The office of aedile.
Edited,of Edit
Editing,of Edit
Edition de luxe,See Luxe.
Editioner,An editor.
Editress,A female editor.
Edituate,To guard as a churchwarden does.
Edriophthalmous,Pertaining to the Edriophthalma.
Educability,Capability of being educated.
Educable,Capable of being educated.
Educated,of Educate
Educating,of Educate
Educational,Of or pertaining to education.
Educator,One who educates; a teacher.
Educed,of Educe
Educing,of Educe
Educible,Capable of being educed.
Educt,That which is educed  as by analysis.
Eduction,The act of drawing out or bringing into view.
Eductive,Tending to draw out; extractive.
Eductor,One who  or that which brings forth elicits or extracts.
Edulcorated,of Edulcorate
Edulcorating,of Edulcorate
Edulcorate,To render sweet; to sweeten; to free from acidity.
Edulcoration,The act of sweetening or edulcorating.
Edulcorative,Tending to /weeten or purify by affusions of water.
Edulious,Edible.
Eek,Alt. of Eeke
Eeke,See Eke.
Eelbuck,An eelpot or eel basket.
Eelfare,A brood of eels.
Eel-mother,The eelpout.
Eelspear,A spear with barbed forks for spearing eels.
E'en,A contraction for even. See Even.
Een,The old plural of Eye.
E'er,A contraction for ever. See Ever.
Eerie,Alt. of Eery
Eerily,In a strange  unearthly way.
Eerisome,Causing fear; eerie.
Eet,of Eat.
Effable,Capable of being uttered or explained; utterable.
Effaced,of Efface
Effacing,of Efface
Effaceable,Capable of being effaced.
Effacement,The act if effacing; also  the result of the act.
Effascinate,To charm; to bewitch.
Effascination,A charming; state of being bewitched or deluded.
Effected,of Effect
Effecting,of Effect
Effecter,One who effects.
Effectible,Capable of being done or achieved; practicable; feasible.
Effection,Creation; a doing.
Effectively,With effect; powerfully; completely; thoroughly.
Effectiveness,The quality of being effective.
Effectless,Without effect or advantage; useless; bootless.
Effector,An effecter.
Effectually,With effect; efficaciously.
Effectualness,The quality of being effectual.
Effectuated,of Effectuate
Effectuating,of Effectuate
Effectuation,Act of effectuating.
Effectuose,Alt. of Effectuous
Effectuous,Effective.
Effectuously,Effectively.
Effeminacies,of Effeminacy
Effeminated,of Effeminate
Effeminating,of Effeminate
Effeminately,In an effeminate or womanish manner; weakly; softly; delicately.
Effeminateness,The state of being effeminate; unmanly softness.
Effemination,Effeminacy; womanishness.
Effeminize,To make effeminate.
Efferous,Like a wild beast; fierce.
Effervesced,of Effervesce
Effervescing,of Effervesce
Effervescence,Alt. of Effervescency
Effervescent,Gently boiling or bubbling  by means of the disengagement of gas
Effervescible,Capable of effervescing.
Effervescive,Tending to produce effervescence.
Effet,The common newt; -- called also asker  eft evat and ewt.
Efficacity,Efficacy.
Efficience,Alt. of Efficiency
Efficiently,With effect; effectively.
Effierce,To make fierce.
Effigial,Relating to an effigy.
Effigiate,To form as an effigy; hence  to fashion; to adapt.
Effigiation,The act of forming in resemblance; an effigy.
Effigies,See Effigy.
Efflagitate,To ask urgently.
Efflate,To fill with breath; to puff up.
Effloresced,of Effloresce
Efflorescing,of Effloresce
Effloresce,To blossom forth.
Efflorescency,The state or quality of being efflorescent; efflorescence.
Effluence,A flowing out  or emanation.
Effluency,Effluence.
Effluent,Flowing out; as  effluent beams.
Effluviable,Capable of being given off as an effluvium.
Effluvial,Belonging to effluvia.
Effluviate,To give forth effluvium.
Effluvia,of Effluvium
Effluxion,The act of flowing out; effusion.
Effodient,Digging up.
Efforced,of Efforce
Efforcing,of Efforce
Efforce,To force; to constrain; to compel to yield.
Efform,To form; to shape.
Efformation,The act of giving shape or form.
Effortless,Making no effort.
Effossion,A digging out or up.
Effranchise,To enfranchise.
Effray,To frighten; to scare.
Effrayable,Frightful.
Effrenation,Unbridled license; unruliness.
Effront,To give assurance to.
Effronteries,of Effrontery
Effrontit,Marked by impudence.
Effrontuously,Impudently.
Effulged,of Effulge
Effulging,of Effulge
Effulge,To cause to shine with abundance of light; to radiate; to beam.
Effulgently,In an effulgent manner.
Effumability,The capability of flying off in fumes or vapor.
Effume,To breathe or puff out.
Effund,To pour out.
Effuse,Poured out freely; profuse.
Effused,of Effuse
Effusing,of Effuse
Effusive,Pouring out; pouring forth freely.
Efreet,See Afrit.
Eft,A European lizard of the genus Seps.
Eftsoon,Alt. of Eftsoons
Eftsoons,Again; anew; a second time; at once; speedily.
Egad,An exclamation expressing exultation or surprise  etc.
Egal,Equal; impartial.
Egality,Equality.
Egean,See Aegean.
Egence,The state of needing  or of suffering a natural want.
Eger,Alt. of Egre
Egre,Sharp; bitter; acid; sour.
Egerminate,To germinate.
Egestion,Act or process of egesting; a voiding.
Egged,of Egg
Egging,of Egg
Egg-cup,A cup used for holding an egg  at table.
Eggement,Instigation; incitement.
Egger,One who gathers eggs; an eggler.
Egghot,A kind of posset made of eggs  brandy sugar and ale.
Eggler,One who gathers  or deals in eggs.
Egg-shaped,Resembling an egg in form; ovoid.
Egg squash,A variety of squash with small egg-shaped fruit.
Eghen,Eyes.
Egilops,See Aegilops.
Eglandulose,Alt. of Eglandulous
Eglandulous,Destitute of glands.
Eglatere,Eglantine.
Egling,The European perch when two years old.
Eglomerate,To unwind  as a thread from a ball.
Egoical,Pertaining to egoism.
Egoist,One given overmuch to egoism or thoughts of self.
Egoistic,Alt. of Egoistical
Egoistically,In an egoistic manner.
Egoity,Personality.
Egomism,Egoism.
Egophonic,Belonging to  or resembling egophony.
Egotheism,The deification of self.
Egotistic,Alt. of Egotistical
Egotistical,Addicted to  or manifesting egotism.
Egotistically,With egotism.
Egotized,of Egotize
Egotizing,of Egotize
Egotize,To talk or write as an egotist.
Egranulose,Having no granules  as chlorophyll in certain conditions.
Egregiously,Greatly; enormously; shamefully; as  egregiously cheated.
Egregiousness,The state of being egregious.
Egremoin,Agrimony (Agrimonia Eupatoria).
Egression,The act of going; egress.
Egressor,One who goes out.
Egrette,Same as Egret  n. 2.
Egrimony,The herb agrimony.
Egriot,A kind of sour cherry.
Egritude,Sickness; ailment; sorrow.
Egyptian,Pertaining to Egypt  in Africa.
Egyptized,of Egyptize
Egyptizing,of Egyptize
Egyptize,To give an Egyptian character or appearance to.
Egyptologer,Alt. of Egyptologist
Egyptological,Of  pertaining to or devoted to Egyptology.
Eh,An expression of inquiry or slight surprise.
Eidolon,An image or representation; a form; a phantom; an apparition.
Eigh,An exclamation expressing delight.
Eight,An island in a river; an ait.
Eighteen,Eight and ten; as  eighteen pounds.
Eighteenmo,See Octodecimo.
Eighteenth,Next in order after the seventeenth.
Eightetethe,Eighteenth.
Eightfold,Eight times a quantity.
Eighth,Next in order after the seventh.
Eighthly,As the eighth in order.
Eightieth,The next in order after seventy-ninth.
Eightling,A compound or twin crystal made up of eight individuals.
Eightscore,Eight times twenty; a hundred and sixty.
Eighty,Eight times ten; fourscore.
Eigne,Eldest; firstborn.
Eiking,See Eking.
Eild,Age.
Eire,Air.
Eirenarch,A justice of the peace; irenarch.
Eirenic,Pacific. See Irenic.
Eirie,See Aerie  and Eyrie.
Eisel,Vinegar; verjuice.
Ejaculated,of Ejaculate
Ejaculating,of Ejaculate
Ejaculator,A muscle which helps ejaculation.
Ejected,of Eject
Ejecting,of Eject
Ejector,One who  or that which ejects or dispossesses.
Ejoo,Gomuti fiber. See Gomuti.
Ejulation,A wailing; lamentation.
Ekabor,Alt. of Ekaboron
Eked,of Eke
Eking,of Eke
Ekebergite,A variety of scapolite.
Ekename,An additional or epithet name; a nickname.
Elaborated,of Elaborate
Elaborating,of Elaborate
Elaborator,One who  or that which elaborates.
Elaboratory,Tending to elaborate.
Elaeis,A genus of palms.
Elaidate,A salt of elaidic acid.
Elaidic,Relating to oleic acid  or elaine.
Elaidin,A solid isomeric modification of olein.
Elaine,Alt. of Elain
Elain,Same as Olein.
Elaiodic,Derived from castor oil; ricinoleic; as  elaiodic acid.
Elamping,Shining.
Elan,Ardor inspired by passion or enthusiasm.
Elanced,of Elance
Elancing,of Elance
Elance,To throw as a lance; to hurl; to dart.
Elanet,A kite of the genus Elanus.
Elaolite,See Elaeolite.
Elaoptene,See Elaeoptene.
Elapidation,A clearing away of stones.
Elapsed,of Elapse
Elapsing,of Elapse
Elapsion,The act of elapsing.
Elaqueate,To disentangle.
Elasmobranch,Of or pertaining to the Elasmobranchii.
Elasmobranchiate,Of or pertaining to Elasmobranchii.
Elastical,Elastic.
Elastically,In an elastic manner; by an elastic power; with a spring.
Elasticness,The quality of being elastic; elasticity.
Elate,Lifted up; raised; elevated.
Elated,of Elate
Elating,of Elate
Elatedly,With elation.
Elatedness,The state of being elated.
Elater,One who  or that which elates.
Elaterometer,Same as Elatrometer.
Elatery,Acting force; elasticity.
Elbowed,of Elbow
Elbowing,of Elbow
Elbowboard,The base of a window casing  on which the elbows may rest.
Elbowchair,A chair with arms to support the elbows; an armchair.
Eld,Old.
Elder,Older; more aged  or existing longer.
Elderish,Somewhat old; elderly.
Eldern,Made of elder.
Eldership,The state of being older; seniority.
Elderwort,Danewort.
Eldest,Oldest; longest in duration.
Elding,Fuel.
El Doradoes,of El Dorado
Eldritch,Hideous; ghastly; as  an eldritch shriek or laugh.
Eleaticism,The Eleatic doctrine.
Elect,Chosen; taken by preference from among two or more.
Elected,of Elect
Electing,of Elect
Electant,One who has the power of choosing; an elector.
Electary,See Electuary.
Electic,See Eclectic.
Electicism,See Eclecticism.
Election,The act of choosing; choice; selection.
Electionered,of Electioneer
Electioneering,of Electioneer
Electioneerer,One who electioneers.
Elective,Exerting the power of choice; selecting; as  an elective act.
Electively,In an elective manner; by choice.
Electorality,The territory or dignity of an elector; electorate.
Electoress,An electress.
Electorial,Electoral.
Electorship,The office or status of an elector.
Electre,Alt. of Electer
Electer,Amber. See Electrum.
Electress,The wife or widow of an elector in the old German empire.
Electric,Alt. of Electrical
Electrically,In the manner of electricity  or by means of it; thrillingly.
Electricalness,The state or quality of being electrical.
Electricities,of Electricity
Electrifiable,Capable of receiving electricity  or of being charged with it.
Electrified,of Electrify
Electrifying,of Electrify
Electrine,Belonging to  or made of amber.
Electrization,The act of electrizing; electrification.
Electrized,of Electrize
Electrizing,of Electrize
Electrize,To electricity.
Electrizer,One who  or that which electrizes.
Electro,An electrotype.
Electro-ballistic,Pertaining to electro-ballistics.
Electro-biologist,One versed in electro-biology.
Electro-capillary,Pert. to  or caused by electro-capillarity.
Electro-chemical,Of or pertaining to electro-chemistry.
Electro-dynamic,Alt. of Electro-dynamical
Electro-dynamics,The phenomena of electricity in motion.
Electro-engraving,The art or process of engraving by means of electricity.
Electro-etching,A mode of etching upon metals by electrolytic action.
Electrogenesis,Same as Electrogeny.
Electro-gilt,Gilded by means of voltaic electricity.
Electrograph,A mark  record or tracing made by the action of electricity.
Electro-kinetic,Of or pertaining to electro-kinetics.
Electrolytic,Alt. of Electrolytical
Electrolytical,Pertaining to electrolysis; as  electrolytic action.
Electrolyzable,Capable of being electrolyzed  or decomposed by electricity.
Electrolyzation,The act or the process of electrolyzing.
Electrolyzed,of Electrolyze
Electrolyzing,of Electrolyze
Electrolyze,To decompose by the direct action of electricity.
Electro-metric,Alt. of Electro-metrical
Elextrometry,The art or process of making electrical measurements.
Electron,Amber; also  the alloy of gold and silver called electrum.
Electropathy,The treatment of disease by electricity.
Electrophone,An instrument for producing sound by means of electric currents.
Electrophori,of Electrophorus
Electroplating,of Electroplate
Electroplater,One who electroplates.
Electro-puncturation,Alt. of Electro-puncturing
Electro-puncturing,See Electropuncture.
Electroscopic,Relating to  or made by means of the electroscope.
Electrostatic,Pertaining to electrostatics.
Electro-stereotype,Same as Electrotype.
Electro-telegraphic,Pertaining to the electric telegraph  or by means of it.
Electrotonize,To cause or produce electrotonus.
Electrotonous,Electrotonic.
Electrotyped,of Electrotype
Electrotyping,of Electrotype
Electrotyper,One who electrotypes.
Electrotypic,Pertaining to  or effected by means of electrotypy.
Electrum,Amber.
Electuaries,of Electuary
Eleemosynarily,In an eleemosynary manner; by charity; charitably.
Eleemosynaries,of Eleemosynary
Elegance,Alt. of Elegancy
Elegiacal,Elegiac.
Elegiast,One who composes elegies.
Elegiographer,An elegist.
Elegist,A write of elegies.
Elegize,To lament in an elegy; to celebrate in elegiac verse; to bewail.
Elegies,of Elegy
Elementar,Elementary.
Elementarity,Elementariness.
Elementation,Instruction in the elements or first principles.
Elementoid,Resembling an element.
Elenchs,of Elench
Elenchical,Pertaining to an elench.
Elenchically,By means of an elench.
Elenchize,To dispute.
Elenchtic,Alt. of Elenchtical
Elenchtical,Same as Elenctic.
Elenchus,Same as Elench.
Elenctic,Alt. of Elenctical
Elenge,Sorrowful; wretched; full of trouble.
Elengeness,Loneliness; misery.
Elephansy,Elephantiasis.
Elephantiac,Affected with elephantiasis; characteristic of elephantiasis.
Elephantoid,Alt. of Elephantoidal
Elephantoidal,Resembling an elephant in form or appearance.
Eleutheromania,A mania or frantic zeal for freedom.
Eleutheromaniac,Mad for freedom.
Elevate,Elevated; raised aloft.
Elevated,of Elevate
Elevating,of Elevate
Elevatedness,The quality of being elevated.
Elevator,One who  or that which raises or lifts up anything
Eleve,A pupil; a student.
Eleven,Ten and one added; as  eleven men.
Eleventh,Next after the tenth; as  the eleventh chapter.
Elves,of Elf
Elfin,Relating to elves.
Elfishly,In an elfish manner.
Elfishness,The quality of being elfish.
Elfkin,A little elf.
Elfland,Fairyland.
Elflock,Hair matted  or twisted into a knot as if by elves.
Elicit,Elicited; drawn out; made real; open; evident.
Elicited,of Elicit
Eliciting,of Elicit
Elicitate,To elicit.
Elicitation,The act of eliciting.
Elided,of Elide
Eliding,of Elide
Eligibly,In an eligible manner.
Elimate,To render smooth; to polish.
Eliminated,of Eliminate
Eliminating,of Eliminate
Elimination,The act of expelling or throwing off
Eliminative,Relating to  or carrying on elimination.
Elinguate,To deprive of the tongue.
Elinguation,Punishment by cutting out the tongue.
Elinguid,Tongue-tied; dumb.
Eliquament,A liquid obtained from fat  or fat fish by pressure.
Elison,Division; separation.
Elite,A choice or select body; the flower; as  the elite of society.
Elix,To extract.
Elixate,To boil; to seethe; hence  to extract by boiling or seething.
Elixation,A seething; digestion.
Elke,The European wild or whistling swan (Cygnus ferus).
Elknut,The buffalo nut. See under Buffalo.
Elkwood,The soft  spongy wood of a species of Magnolia (M. Umbrella).
Ellebore,Hellebore.
Elleborin,See Helleborin.
Elleck,The red gurnard or cuckoo fish.
Ellenge,Alt. of Ellingeness
Ellinge,Alt. of Ellingeness
Ellengeness,Alt. of Ellingeness
Ellingeness,See Elenge  Elengeness.
Elles,See Else.
Ellipses,of Ellipsis
Ellipsograph,An instrument for describing ellipses; -- called also trammel.
Elliptic,Alt. of Elliptical
Elliptically,In the form of an ellipse.
Elliptic-lanceolate,Having a form intermediate between elliptic and lanceolate.
Elliptograph,Same as Ellipsograph.
Ellwand,Formerly  a measuring rod an ell long.
Elmen,Belonging to elms.
Elmo's fire,See Corposant; also Saint Elmo's Fire  under Saint.
Elmy,Abounding with elms.
Elocation,A removal from the usual place of residence.
Elocution,Utterance by speech.
Elocutionary,Pertaining to elocution.
Elocutionist,One who is versed in elocution; a teacher of elocution.
Elocutive,Pertaining to oratorical expression.
Eloge,A panegyrical funeral oration.
Elogist,One who pronounces an eloge.
Elogium,Alt. of Elogy
Elogy,The praise bestowed on a person or thing; panegyric; eulogy.
Eloigned,of Eloign
Eloigning,of Eloign
Eloign,To remove afar off; to withdraw.
Eloignate,To remove.
Eloignment,Removal to a distance; withdrawal.
Eloin,See Eloign.
Eloinate,See Eloignate.
Eloinment,See Eloignment.
Elong,To lengthen out; to prolong.
Elongated,of Elongate
Elongating,of Elongate
Elongate,To lengthen; to extend; to stretch; as  to elongate a line.
Eloped,of Elope
Eloping,of Elope
Eloper,One who elopes.
Elops,A genus of fishes. See Saury.
Eloquently,In an eloquent manner.
Elrich,Alt. of Elritch
Elritch,Ghastly; preternatural. Same as Eldritch.
Elsewise,Otherwise.
Elsin,A shoemaker's awl.
Elucidated,of Elucidate
Elucidating,of Elucidate
Elucidative,Making clear; tending to elucidate; as  an elucidative note.
Elucidator,One who explains or elucidates; an expositor.
Elucidatory,Tending to elucidate; elucidative.
Eluctate,To struggle out; -- with out.
Eluctation,A struggling out of any difficulty.
Elucubrate,See Lucubrate.
Elucubration,See Lucubration.
Eluded,of Elude
Eluding,of Elude
Eludible,Capable of being eluded; evadible.
Elumbated,Weak or lame in the loins.
Elute,To wash out.
Elutriated,of Elutriate
Elutriating,of Elutriate
Eluxate,To dislocate; to luxate.
Eluxation,Dislocation; luxation.
Elvan,Pertaining to elves; elvish.
Elve,An old form of Elf.
Elver,A young eel; a young conger or sea eel; -- called also elvene.
Elvishly,In an elvish manner.
Elwand,See Ellwand.
Elysiums,of Elysium
Elysia,of Elysium
Elytriform,Having the form  or structure of an elytron.
Elytrin,See Chitin.
Elytroid,Resembling a beetle's wing case.
Elytra,of Elytrum
Elytron,Alt. of Elytrum
'Em,An obsolete or colloquial contraction of the old form hem  them.
Em-,A prefix. See En-.
Emacerate,To make lean or to become lean; to emaciate.
Emaceration,Emaciation.
Emaciated,of Emaciate
Emaciating,of Emaciate
Emaciation,The act of making very lean.
Emaculate,To clear from spots or stains  or from any imperfection.
Emaculation,The act of clearing from spots.
Emanated,of Emanate
Emanating,of Emanate
Emanation,The act of flowing or proceeding from a fountain head or origin.
Emanative,Issuing forth; effluent.
Emanatively,By an emanation.
Emanatory,Emanative; of the nature of an emanation.
Emancipated,of Emancipate
Emancipating,of Emancipate
Emancipationist,An advocate of emancipation  esp. the emancipation of slaves.
Emancipator,One who emancipates.
Emancipatory,Pertaining to emancipation  or tending to effect emancipation.
Emancipist,A freed convict.
Emarginate,To take away the margin of.
Emarginated,Having the margin interrupted by a notch or shallow sinus.
Emarginately,In an emarginate manner.
Emasculated,of Emasculate
Emasculating,of Emasculate
Emasculator,One who  or that which emasculates.
Emasculatory,Serving or tending to emasculate.
Embace,See Embase.
Embale,To make up into a bale or pack.
Emball,To encircle or embrace.
Embalmed,of Embalm
Embalming,of Embalm
Embalmer,One who embalms.
Embalmment,The act of embalming.
Embanked,of Embank
Embanking,of Embank
Embankment,The act of surrounding or defending with a bank.
Embarred,of Embar
Embar,To bar or shut in; to inclose securely  as with bars.
Embarcation,Same as Embarkation.
Embarge,To put in a barge.
Embargoes,of Embargo
Embargoed,of Embargo
Embargoing,of Embargo
Embarked,of Embark
Embarking,of Embark
Embark,To cause to go on board a vessel or boat; to put on shipboard.
Embarkment,Embarkation.
Embarrassed,of Embarrass
Embarrassing,of Embarrass
Embasement,Act of bringing down; depravation; deterioration.
Embassadorial,Same as Ambassadorial.
Embassadress,Same as Ambassadress.
Embassadry,Embassy.
Embassage,An embassy.
Embassies,of Embassy
Embastardize,To bastardize.
Embathe,To bathe; to imbathe.
Embattail,To furnish with battlements; to fortify as with battlements.
Embattled,of Embattle
Embattling,of Embattle
Embattlement,An intended parapet; a battlement.
Embay,To bathe; to soothe or lull as by bathing.
Embayed,of Embay
Embaying,of Embay
Embayment,A bay.
Embeam,To make brilliant with beams.
Embedded,of Embed
Embedding,of Embed
Embedment,The act of embedding  or the state of being embedded.
Embellished,of Embellish
Embellishing,of Embellish
Embellisher,One who embellishes.
Embellishment,The act of adorning  or the state of being adorned; adornment.
Ember-goose,The loon or great northern diver. See Loon.
Emberings,Ember days.
Embetter,To make better.
Embezzled,of Embezzle
Embezzling,of Embezzle
Embezzler,One who embezzles.
Embillow,To swell or heave like a ///// of the sea.
Embiotocoid,Belonging to  or resembling the Embiotocidae.
Embitter,To make bitter or sad. See Imbitter.
Embitterment,The act of embittering; also  that which embitters.
Emblanch,To whiten. See Blanch.
Emblazed,of Emblaze
Emblazing,of Emblaze
Emblaze,To adorn with glittering embellishments.
Emblazoned,of Emblazon
Emblazoning,of Emblazon
Emblazonment,An emblazoning.
Emblazonries,of Emblazonry
Emblemed,of Emblem
Embleming,of Emblem
Emblematic,Alt. of Emblematical
Emblematiccize,To render emblematic; as  to emblematicize a picture.
Emblematist,A writer or inventor of emblems.
Emblematized,of Emblematize
Emblematizing,of Emblematize
Emblematize,To represent by  or as by an emblem; to symbolize.
Emblemized,of Emblemize
Emblemizing,of Emblemize
Emblemize,To represent by an emblem; to emblematize.
Embloom,To emblossom.
Emblossom,To cover or adorn with blossoms.
Embodier,One who embodies.
Embodiment,The act of embodying; the state of being embodied.
Embodied,of Embody
Embodying,of Embody
Emboguing,The mouth of a river  or place where its waters are discharged.
Emboil,To boil with anger; to effervesce.
Emboldened,of Embolden
Emboldening,of Embolden
Embolden,To give boldness or courage to; to encourage.
Emboldener,One who emboldens.
Embolic,Embolismic.
Embolismal,Pertaining to embolism; intercalary; as  embolismal months.
Embolismatic,Alt. of Embolismatical
Embolismatical,Embolismic.
Embolismic,Alt. of Embolismical
Emboli,of Embolus
Emboly,Embolic invagination. See under Invagination.
Emborder,To furnish or adorn with a border; to imborder.
Embosom,To take into  or place in the bosom; to cherish; to foster.
Embossed,of Emboss
Embossing,of Emboss
Embosser,One who embosses.
Embottle,To bottle.
Embouchure,The mouth of a river; also  the mouth of a cannon.
Embow,To bend like a bow; to curve.
Emboweled,of Embowel
Embowelled,of Embowel
Emboweling,of Embowel
Embowelling,of Embowel
Embowel,To disembowel.
Emboweler,One who takes out the bowels.
Embowelment,Disembowelment.
Embower,To cover with a bower; to shelter with trees.
Embowl,To form like a bowl; to give a globular shape to.
Embox,To inclose  as in a box; to imbox.
Emboyssement,An ambush.
Embrace,To fasten on  as armor.
Embraced,of Embrace
Embracing,of Embrace
Embracement,A clasp in the arms; embrace.
Embraceor,One guilty of embracery.
Embracer,One who embraces.
Embracive,Disposed to embrace; fond of caressing.
Embraid,To braid up  as hair.
Embranchment,The branching forth  as of trees.
Embrangle,To confuse; to entangle.
Embrasure,An embrace.
Embrave,To inspire with bravery.
Embrawn,To harden.
Embread,To braid.
Embreathement,The act of breathing in; inspiration.
Embrew,To imbrue; to stain with blood.
Embright,To brighten.
Embrocated,of Embrocate
Embrocating,of Embrocate
Embroglio,See Imbroglio.
Embroidered,of Embroider
Embroidering,of Embroider
Embroider,To ornament with needlework; as  to embroider a scarf.
Embroiderer,One who embroiders.
Embroideries,of Embroidery
Embroiled,of Embroil
Embroiling,of Embroil
Embroiler,One who embroils.
Embrothel,To inclose in a brothel.
Embroude,Alt. of Embroyde
Embrowde,Alt. of Embroyde
Embroyde,To embroider; to adorn.
Embrown,To give a brown color to; to imbrown.
Embrue,See Imbrue  Embrew.
Embrute,To brutify; to imbrute.
Embryos,of Embryo
Embryo,The first rudiments of an organism  whether animal or plant
Embryogenic,Pertaining to the development of an embryo.
Embryogeny,The production and development of an embryo.
Embryogony,The formation of an embryo.
Embryography,The general description of embryos.
Embryologic,Alt. of Embryological
Embryological,Of or pertaining to embryology.
Embryologist,One skilled in embryology.
Embryon,See Embryo.
Embryonary,Embryonic.
Embryonate,Alt. of Embryonated
Embryonated,In the state of  or having an embryonal.
Embryonic,Of or pertaining to an embryo; embryonal; rudimentary.
Embryoniferous,Having an embryo.
Embryoniform,Like an embryo in form.
Embryo sac,See under Embryonic.
Embryotic,Embryonic.
Embryotroph,The material from which an embryo is formed and nourished.
Embryous,Embryonic; undeveloped.
Embulk,To enlarge in the way of bulk.
Emburse,To furnish with money; to imburse.
Embush,To place or hide in a thicket; to ambush.
Embushment,An ambush.
Embusy,To employ.
Eme,An uncle.
Emeer,Same as Emir.
Emenagogue,See Emmenagogue.
Emended,of Emend
Emending,of Emend
Emendable,Corrigible; amendable.
Emendately,Without fault; correctly.
Emendator,One who emends or critically edits.
Emendatory,Pertaining to emendation; corrective.
Emender,One who emends.
Emendicate,To beg.
Emeraud,An emerald.
Emerged,of Emerge
Emerging,of Emerge
Emergences,of Emergence
Emergencies,of Emergency
Emeril,Emery.
Emeriti,of Emeritus
Emerods,Alt. of Emeroids
Emeroids,Hemorrhoids; piles; tumors; boils.
Emersed,Standing out of  or rising above water.
Emesis,A vomiting.
Emetical,Inducing to vomit; producing vomiting; emetic.
Emeto-cathartic,Producing vomiting and purging at the same time.
Emeu,Alt. of Emew
Emew,See Emu.
Emeute,A seditious tumult; an outbreak.
Emforth,According to; conformably to.
Emgalla,The South African wart hog. See Wart hog.
Emicant,Beaming forth; flashing.
Emiction,The voiding of urine.
Emictory,Diuretic.
Emigrated,of Emigrate
Emigrating,of Emigrate
Emigrational,Relating to emigration.
Emigrationist,An advocate or promoter of emigration.
Emigrator,One who emigrates; am emigrant.
Eminences,of Eminency
Eminency,State of being eminent; eminence.
Eminent,High; lofty; towering; prominent.
Emir,Alt. of Emeer
Emirship,Alt. of Emeership
Emeership,The rank or office of an Emir.
Emissaries,of Emissary
Emissaryship,The office of an emissary.
Emissitious,Looking  or narrowly examining; prying.
Emissive,Sending out; emitting; as  emissive powers.
Emissory,Same as Emissary  a. 2.
Emitted,of Emit
Emitting,of Emit
Emittent,Sending forth; emissive.
Emmanuel,See Immanuel.
Emmarble,To turn to marble; to harden.
Emmenagogue,A medicine that promotes the menstrual discharge.
Emmet,An ant.
Emmetropic,Pertaining to  or characterized by emmetropia.
Emmetropy,Same as Emmetropia.
Emmew,To mew or coop up.
Emmove,To move; to rouse; to excite.
Emolliated,of Emolliate
Emolliating,of Emolliate
Emolliate,To soften; to render effeminate.
Emollient,Softening; making supple; acting as an emollient.
Emollition,The act of softening or relaxing; relaxation.
Emolumental,Pertaining to an emolument; profitable.
Emong,Alt. of Emongst
Emongst,Among.
Emotioned,Affected with emotion.
Emotionalize,To give an emotional character to.
Emotive,Attended by  or having the character of emotion.
Emotiveness,Susceptibility to emotion.
Emotivity,Emotiveness.
Emove,To move.
Empair,To impair.
Empale,To make pale.
Empaled,of Empale
Empaling,of Empale
Empalement,A fencing  inclosing or fortifying with stakes.
Empanel,A list of jurors; a panel.
Empanoplied,Completely armed; panoplied.
Emparadise,Same as Imparadise.
Empark,To make a park of; to inclose  as with a fence; to impark.
Emparlance,Parley; imparlance.
Empassion,To move with passion; to affect strongly. See Impassion.
Empassionate,Strongly affected.
Empawn,To put in pawn; to pledge; to impawn.
Empeach,To hinder. See Impeach.
Empeople,To form into a people or community; to inhabit; to people.
Emperess,See Empress.
Emperice,An empress.
Emperil,To put in peril. See Imperil.
Emperished,Perished; decayed.
Emperorship,The rank or office of an emperor.
Empery,Empire; sovereignty; dominion.
Emphases,of Emphasis
Emphasized,of Emphasize
Emphasizing,of Emphasize
Emphatic,Alt. of Emphatical
Emphaticalness,The quality of being emphatic; emphasis.
Emphractic,Having the quality of closing the pores of the skin.
Emphrensy,To madden.
Emphysematous,Pertaining to  or of the nature of emphysema; swelled; bloated.
Emphyteutic,Of or pertaining to an emphyteusis; as  emphyteutic lands.
Emphyteuticary,One who holds lands by emphyteusis.
Empierce,To pierce; to impierce.
Empight,Fixed; settled; fastened.
Empire,Supreme power; sovereignty; sway; dominion.
Empiricist,An empiric.
Emplaster,See Plaster.
Emplastration,The act or process of grafting by inoculation; budding.
Emplead,To accuse; to indict. See Implead.
Emplection,See Emplecton.
Emplore,See Implore.
Employed,of Employ
Employing,of Employ
Employ,To inclose; to infold.
Employee,One employed by another.
Employer,One who employs another; as  an employer of workmen.
Emplumed,Plumed.
Emplunge,To plunge; to implunge.
Empoison,To poison; to impoison.
Empoisoner,Poisoner.
Empoisonment,The act of poisoning.
Emporetic,Alt. of Emporetical
Emporetical,Pertaining to an emporium; relating to merchandise.
Emporiums,of Emporium
Emporia,of Emporium
Empoverish,See Impoverish.
Empowered,of Empower
Empowering,of Empower
Empress,The consort of an emperor.
Emprint,See Imprint.
Emprise,An enterprise; endeavor; adventure.
Emprising,Full of daring; adventurous.
Emprison,See Imprison.
Empte,To empty.
Emptier,One who  or that which empties.
Emption,The act of buying.
Emptional,Capable of being purchased.
Empties,of Empty
Emptied,of Empty
Emptying,of Empty
Empugn,See Impugn.
Empurpled,of Empurple
Empurpling,of Empurple
Empuse,A phantom or specter.
Empuzzle,To puzzle.
Empyesis,An eruption of pustules.
Empyreumatic,Alt. of Empyreumatical
Empyreumatical,Of or pertaining to empyreuma; as  an empyreumatic odor.
Empyreumatize,To render empyreumatic.
Empyrical,Containing the combustible principle of coal.
Empyrosis,A general fire; a conflagration.
Emrods,See Emerods.
Emulable,Capable of being emulated.
Emulate,Striving to excel; ambitious; emulous.
Emulated,of Emulate
Emulating,of Emulate
Emulatively,In an emulative manner; with emulation.
Emulator,One who emulates  or strives to equal or surpass.
Emulatory,Pertaining to emulation; connected with rivalry.
Emulatress,A female emulator.
Emule,To emulate.
Emulge,To milk out; to drain.
Emulously,In an emulous manner.
Emulousness,The quality of being emulous.
Emulsic,Pertaining to  or produced from emulsin; as emulsic acid.
Emulsin,The white milky pulp or extract of bitter almonds.
Emulsive,Softening; milklike.
Emunctories,of Emunctory
Emuscation,A freeing from moss.
Emyds,of Emyd
Emyd//,of Emyd
Emyd,A fresh-water tortoise of the family Emydidae.
Enabled,of Enable
Enabling,of Enable
Enable,To give strength or ability to; to make firm and strong.
Enablement,The act of enabling  or the state of being enabled; ability.
Enacted,of Enact
Enacting,of Enact
Enactive,Having power to enact or establish as a law.
Enactor,One who enacts a law; one who decrees or establishes as a law.
Enacture,Enactment; resolution.
Enaliosaur,One of the Enaliosauria.
Enaliosaurian,Pertaining to the Enaliosauria.
Enambush,To ambush.
Enameled,of Enamel
Enamelled,of Enamel
Enameling,of Enamel
Enamelling,of Enamel
Enamelar,Consisting of enamel; resembling enamel; smooth; glossy.
Enameler,Alt. of Enamelist
Enamored,of Enamor
Enamoring,of Enamor
Enamorment,The state of being enamored.
Enantiopathic,Serving to palliate; palliative.
Enantiopathy,An opposite passion or affection.
Enarch,To arch.
Enarched,Bent into a curve; -- said of a bend or other ordinary.
Enarmed,Same as Armed  3.
Enarration,A detailed exposition; relation.
Enarthrodia,See Enarthrosis.
Enascent,Coming into being; nascent.
Enatation,A swimming out.
Enate,Growing out.
Enaunter,Lest that.
Enavigate,To sail away or over.
Enbattled,Embattled.
Enbibe,To imbibe.
Enbroude,See Embroude.
Encaged,of Encage
Engaging,of Encage
Encage,To confine in a cage; to coop up.
Encalendar,To register in a calendar; to calendar.
Encamped,of Encamp
Encamping,of Encamp
Encanker,To canker.
Encarnalize,To carnalize; to make gross.
Encase,To inclose as in a case. See Incase.
Encasement,The act of encasing; also  that which encases.
Encash,To turn into cash; to cash.
Encashment,The payment in cash of a note  draft etc.
Encaustic,Prepared by means of heat; burned in.
Encave,To hide in  or as in a cave or recess.
Encense,To offer incense to or upon; to burn incense.
Encephalic,Pertaining to the encephalon or brain.
Encephalitis,Inflammation of the brain.
Encephalocele,Hernia of the brain.
Encephaloid,Resembling the material of the brain; cerebriform.
Encephalon,The contents of the cranium; the brain.
Encephalos,The encephalon.
Encephalotomy,The act or art of dissecting the brain.
Enchafe,To chafe; to enrage; to heat.
Enchafing,Heating; burning.
Enchain,To bind with a chain; to hold in chains.
Enchainment,The act of enchaining  or state of being enchained.
Enchair,To seat in a chair.
Enchannel,To make run in a channel.
Enchanted,of Enchant
Enchanting,of Enchant
Encharged,of Encharge
Encharging,of Encharge
Encharge,To charge (with); to impose (a charge) upon.
Enchased,of Enchase
Enchasing,of Enchase
Enchaser,One who enchases.
Enchasten,To chasten.
Encheson,Alt. of Encheason
Encheason,Occasion  cause or reason.
Enchest,To inclose in a chest.
Enchiridion,Handbook; a manual of devotions.
Enchisel,To cut with a chisel.
Enchondroma,A cartilaginous tumor growing from the interior of a bone.
Enchorial,Alt. of Enchoric
Encincture,A cincture.
Encindered,Burnt to cinders.
Encircled,of Encircle
Encircling,of Encircle
Encirclet,A small circle; a ring.
Enclasp,To clasp. See Inclasp.
Enclavement,The state of being an enclave.
Enclitic,Alt. of Enclitical
Enclitically,In an enclitic manner; by throwing the accent back.
Enclitics,The art of declining and conjugating words.
Encloister,To shut up in a cloister; to cloister.
Enclose,To inclose. See Inclose.
Enclosure,Inclosure. See Inclosure.
Enclothe,To clothe.
Encloud,To envelop in clouds; to cloud.
Encoach,To carry in a coach.
Encoffin,To put in a coffin.
Encolden,To render cold.
Encollar,To furnish or surround with a collar.
Encolor,To color.
Encolure,The neck of horse.
Encomber,See Encumber.
Encomberment,Hindrance; molestation.
Encomiast,One who praises; a panegyrist.
Encomiastic,Alt. of Encomiastical
Encomion,Encomium; panegyric.
Encomiums,of Encomium
Encomium,Warm or high praise; panegyric; strong commendation.
Encompassed,of Encompass
Encompassing,of Encompass
Encored,of Encore
Encoring,of Encore
Encorporing,Incorporation.
Encountered,of Encounter
Encountering,of Encounter
Encounterer,One who encounters; an opponent; an antagonist.
Encouraged,of Encourage
Encouraging,of Encourage
Encourager,One who encourages  incites or helps forward; a favorer.
Encowl,To make a monk (or wearer of a cowl) of.
Encradle,To lay in a cradle.
Encrease,i. [Obs.] See Increase.
Encrimson,To give a crimson or red color to; to crimson.
Encrinic,Alt. of Encrinital
Encrinal,Alt. of Encrinital
Encrinitic,Alt. of Encrinitical
Encrinitical,Pertaining to encrinites; encrinal.
Encrini,of Encrinus
Encrinus,A genus of fossil encrinoidea  from the Mesozoic rocks.
Encrisped,Curled.
Encroached,of Encroach
Encroaching,of Encroach
Encroachingly,By way of encroachment.
Encrust,To incrust. See Incrust.
Encrustment,That which is formed as a crust; incrustment; incrustation.
Encumbered,of Encumber
Encumbering,of Encumber
Encumberment,Encumbrance.
Encumbrancer,Same as Incumbrancer.
Encurtain,To inclose with curtains.
Encyclic,Alt. of Encyclical
Encyclopedia,Alt. of Encyclopaedia
Encyclopediacal,Encyclopedic.
Encyclopedic,Alt. of Encyclopedical
Encyst,To inclose in a cyst.
Encystation,Encystment.
Ended,of End
Ending,of End
Endable,That may be ended; terminable.
End-all,Complete termination.
Endamaged,of Endamage
Endamaging,of Endamage
Endamage,To bring loss or damage to; to harm; to injure.
Endamageable,Capable of being damaged  or injured; damageable.
Endamagement,Damage; injury; harm.
Endamnify,To damnify; to injure.
Endangered,of Endanger
Endangering,of Endanger
Endangerment,Hazard; peril.
Endark,To darken.
Endazzle,To dazzle.
Endeared,of Endear
Endearing,of Endear
Endear,To make dear or beloved.
Endearedly,With affection or endearment; dearly.
Endearedness,State of being endeared.
Endeavored,of Endeavor
Endeavoring,of Endeavor
Endeavorer,One who makes an effort or attempt.
Endeavorment,Act of endeavoring; endeavor.
Endecagon,A plane figure of eleven sides and angles.
Endecagynous,Having eleven pistils; as  an endecagynous flower.
Endecaphyllous,Composed of eleven leaflets; -- said of a leaf.
Endeixis,An indication.
Endemial,Endemic.
Endemic,Alt. of Endemical
Endemically,In an endemic manner.
Endemiology,The science which treats of endemic affections.
Endenization,The act of naturalizing.
Endenize,To endenizen.
Endenizen,To admit to the privileges of a denizen; to naturalize.
Endermatic,Endermic.
Endermic,Acting through the skin  or by direct application to the skin.
Endermically,By the endermic method; as  applied endermically.
Endiademed,Diademed.
Endiaper,To decorate with a diaper pattern.
Endict,See Indict.
Endictment,See Indictment.
Endite,See Indite.
Endlessly,In an endless manner.
Endlessness,The quality of being endless; perpetuity.
Endlong,Lengthwise; along.
Endmost,Farthest; remotest; at the very end.
Endo-,Alt. of End-
Endoblast,Entoblast; endoplast. See Nucleus
Endocardiac,Alt. of Endocardial
Endocardial,Pertaining to the endocardium.
Endocarditis,Inflammation of the endocardium.
Endocardium,The membrane lining the cavities of the heart.
Endocarp,The inner layer of a ripened or fructified ovary.
Endoctrine,To teach; to indoctrinate.
Endocyst,The inner layer of the cells of Bryozoa.
Endoderm,The inner layer of the skin or integument of an animal.
Endodermal,Alt. of Endodermic
Endodermic,Of or pertaining to the endoderm.
Endogamous,Marrying within the same tribe; -- opposed to exogamous.
Endogenesis,Endogeny.
Endogenetic,Endogenous.
Endogenously,By endogenous growth.
Endognathal,Pertaining to the endognath.
Endolymphangial,Within a lymphatic vessel.
Endome,To cover as with a dome.
Endometritis,Inflammation of the endometrium.
Endometrium,The membrane lining the inner surface of the uterus  or womb.
Endoneurium,The delicate bands of connective tissue among nerve fibers.
Endophloeum,The inner layer of the bark of trees.
Endophragmal,Of or pertaining to the endophragma.
Endophyllous,Wrapped up within a leaf or sheath.
Endoplasm,The protoplasm in the interior of a cell.
Endoplasma,Same as Entoplasm and Endosarc.
Endoplast,See Nucleus.
Endoplastica,A group of Rhizopoda having a distinct nucleus  as the am/ba.
Endoplastule,See Nucleolus.
Endopleura,The inner coating of a seed. See Tegmen.
Endorhizae,of Endorhiza
Endorhizal,Alt. of Endorhizous
Endorsed,of Endorse
Endorsing,of Endorse
Endorse,Same as Indorse.
Endorsee,Same as Indorsee.
Endorsement,Same as Indorsement.
Endorser,Same as Indorser.
Endoscopy,The art or process of examining by means of the endoscope.
Endosmose,Alt. of Endosmosis
Endosmosmic,Endosmotic.
Endosmotic,Pertaining to endosmose; of the nature endosmose; osmotic.
Endospermic,Relating to  accompanied by or containing endosperm.
Endospore,The thin inner coat of certain spores.
Endosporous,Having the spores contained in a case; -- applied to fungi.
Endosteal,Relating to endostosis; as  endosteal ossification.
Endostoma,A plate which supports the labrum in certain Crustacea.
Endostome,The foramen or passage through the inner integument of an ovule.
Endothecium,The inner lining of an anther cell.
Endothelial,Of  or relating to endothelium.
Endothelia,of Endothelium
Endotheloid,Like endothelium.
Endowed,of Endow
Endowing,of Endow
Endower,To endow.
Endozoa,See Entozoa.
Endrudge,To make a drudge or slave of.
Endued,of Endue
Enduing,of Endue
Endue,To invest.
Enduement,Act of enduing; induement.
Endurable,Capable of being endured or borne; sufferable.
Endurably,In an endurable manner.
Endurant,Capable of enduring fatigue  pain hunger etc.
Endured,of Endure
Enduring,of Endure
Endurement,Endurance.
Endways,Alt. of Endwise
Endwise,On end; erectly; in an upright position.
Endyma,See Ependyma.
Endyses,of Endysis
Enecate,To kill off; to destroy.
Eneid,Same as Aeneid.
Enemata,of Enema
Enemies,of Enemy
Enepidermic,Applied to the skin without friction; -- said of medicines.
Energetic,Alt. of Energetical
Energic,Alt. of Energical
Energical,In a state of action; acting; operating.
Energized,of Energize
Energizing,of Energize
Energumen,One possessed by an evil spirit; a demoniac.
Energies,of Energy
Enervated,of Enervate
Enervating,of Enervate
Enervation,The act of weakening  or reducing strength.
Enervative,Having power  or a tendency to enervate; weakening.
Enerve,To weaken; to enervate.
Enervous,Lacking nerve or force; enervated.
Enfamish,To famish; to starve.
Enfect,Contaminated with illegality.
Enfeebled,of Enfeeble
Enfeebling,of Enfeeble
Enfeeblement,The act of weakening; enervation; weakness.
Enfeebler,One who  or that which weakens or makes feeble.
Enfeeblish,To enfeeble.
Enfeloned,Rendered fierce or frantic.
Enfeoffed,of Enfeoff
Enfeoffing,of Enfeoff
Enfeoffment,The act of enfeoffing.
Enfester,To fester.
Enfetter,To bind in fetters; to enchain.
Enfever,To excite fever in.
Enfierced,of Enfierce
Enfiercing,of Enfierce
Enfierce,To make fierce.
Enfiladed,of Enfilade
Enfilading,of Enfilade
Enfire,To set on fire.
Enflesh,To clothe with flesh.
Enflowered,of Enflower
Enflowering,of Enflower
Enflower,To cover or deck with flowers.
Enfold,To infold. See Infold.
Enfoldment,The act of infolding. See Infoldment.
Enforced,of Enforce
Enforcing,of Enforce
Enforceable,Capable of being enforced.
Enforcement,The act of enforcing; compulsion.
Enforcer,One who enforces.
Enforcible,That may be enforced.
Enforcive,Serving to enforce or constrain; compulsive.
Enforest,To turn into a forest.
Enform,To form; to fashion.
Enfouldred,Mixed with  or emitting lightning.
Enframe,To inclose  as in a frame.
Enfranchised,of Enfranchise
Enfranchising,of Enfranchise
Enfranchisement,Releasing from slavery or custody.
Enfranchiser,One who enfranchises.
Enfree,To set free.
Enfreedom,To set free.
Enfreeze,To freeze; to congeal.
Enfroward,To make froward  perverse or ungovernable.
Engaged,of Engage
Engagedly,With attachment; with interest; earnestly.
Engagedness,The state of being deeply interested; earnestness; zeal.
Engager,One who enters into an engagement or agreement; a surety.
Engallant,To make a gallant of.
Engaol,To put in jail; to imprison.
Engarboil,To throw into disorder; to disturb.
Engarland,To encircle with a garland  or with garlands.
Engarrison,To garrison; to put in garrison  or to protect by a garrison.
Engastrimuth,An ventriloquist.
Engendered,of Engender
Engendering,of Engender
Engender,To produce by the union of the sexes; to beget.
Engendrure,The act of generation.
Engild,To gild; to make splendent.
Engineered,of Engineer
Engineering,of Engineer
Enginemen,of Engineman
Engineman,A man who manages  or waits on an engine.
Enginer,A contriver; an inventor; a contriver of engines.
Enginery,The act or art of managing engines  or artillery.
Engine-sized,Sized by a machine  and not while in the pulp; -- said of paper.
Enginous,Pertaining to an engine.
Engirded,of Engird
Engirt,of Engird
Engirding,of Engird
Engird,To gird; to encompass.
Engirdle,To surround as with a girdle; to girdle.
Engiscope,A kind of reflecting microscope.
Englaimed,Clammy.
Engle,A favorite; a paramour; an ingle.
Englished,of English
Englishing,of English
Englishable,Capable of being translated into  or expressed in English.
Englishism,A quality or characteristic peculiar to the English.
Englishmen,of Englishman
Englishman,A native or a naturalized inhabitant of England.
Englishry,The state or privilege of being an Englishman.
Englishwomen,of Englishwoman
Englishwoman,Fem. of Englishman.
Engloom,To make gloomy.
Englutted,of Englut
Englutting,of Englut
Englut,To swallow or gulp down.
Engore,To gore; to pierce; to lacerate.
Engorged,of Engorge
Engorging,of Engorge
Engorge,To gorge; to glut.
Engoulee,Same as Engouled.
Engraff,To graft; to fix deeply.
Engraffment,See Ingraftment.
Engraft,See Ingraft.
Engraftation,Alt. of Engraftment
Engraftment,The act of ingrafting; ingraftment.
Engrailed,of Engrail
Engrailing,of Engrail
Engrail,To variegate or spot  as with hail.
Engrailment,The ring of dots round the edge of a medal  etc.
Engrained,of Engrain
Engraining,of Engrain
Engrain,To dye in grain  or of a fast color. See Ingrain.
Engrapple,To grapple.
Engrasped,of Engrasp
Engrasping,of Engrasp
Engrasp,To grasp; to grip.
Engrave,To deposit in the grave; to bury.
Engraved,of Engrave
Engraven,of Engrave
Engraving,of Engrave
Engravement,Engraving.
Engravery,The trade or work of an engraver.
Engregge,To aggravate; to make worse; to lie heavy on.
Engrieve,To grieve.
Engrossed,of Engross
Engrossing,of Engross
Engrosser,One who copies a writing in large  fair characters.
Engrossment,The act of engrossing; as  the engrossment of a deed.
Enguard,To surround as with a guard.
Engulfed,of Engulf
Engulfing,of Engulf
Engulf,To absorb or swallow up as in a gulf.
Engulfment,A swallowing up as if in a gulf.
Engyn,Variant of Engine.
Enhalo,To surround with a halo.
Enhanced,of Enhance
Enhancing,of Enhance
Enhance,To raise or lift up; to exalt.
Enharbor,To find harbor or safety in; to dwell in or inhabit.
Enharden,To harden; to embolden.
Enharmonic,Alt. of Enharmonical
Enharmonically,In the enharmonic style or system; in just intonation.
Enhearten,To give heart to; to fill with courage; to embolden.
Enhedge,To surround as with a hedge.
Enhort,To encourage.
Enhunger,To make hungry.
Enhydros,A variety of chalcedony containing water.
Enigmas,of Enigma
Enigmatic,Alt. of Enigmatical
Enigmatically,Darkly; obscurely.
Enigmatist,One who makes  or talks in enigmas.
Enigmatized,of Enigmatize
Enigmatizing,of Enigmatize
Enigmatize,To make  or talk in enigmas; to deal in riddles.
Enigmatography,Alt. of Enigmatology
Enigmatology,The art of making or of solving enigmas.
Enisled,Placed alone or apart  as if on an island; severed as an island.
Enjailed,of Enjall
Enjailing,of Enjall
Enjall,To put into jail; to imprison.
Enjoined,of Enjoin
Enjoining,of Enjoin
Enjoiner,One who enjoins.
Enjoinment,Direction; command; authoritative admonition.
Enjoyed,of Enjoy
Enjoying,of Enjoy
Enjoyable,Capable of being enjoyed or of giving joy; yielding enjoyment.
Enjoyer,One who enjoys.
Enkennel,To put into a kennel.
Enkerchiefed,Bound with a kerchief; draped; hooded; covered.
Enkindled,of Enkindle
Enkindling,of Enkindle
Enkindle,To set on fire; to inflame; to kindle.
Enlard,To cover or dress with lard or grease; to fatten.
Enlarged,of Enlarge
Enlarging,of Enlarge
Enlarger,One that enlarges.
Enlay,See Inlay.
Enlengthen,To lengthen.
Enleven,Eleven.
Enlight,To illumine; to enlighten.
Enlink,To chain together; to connect  as by links.
Enlisted,of Enlist
Enlisting,of Enlist
Enlist,To enter on a list; to enroll; to register.
Enlive,To enliven.
Enlivened,of Enliven
Enlivening,of Enliven
Enlivener,One who  or that which enlivens animates or invigorates.
Enlock,To lock; to inclose.
Enlumine,To illumine.
Enlute,To coat with clay; to lute.
Enmarble,To make hard as marble; to harden.
Enmesh,To catch or entangle in  or as in meshes.
Enmew,See Emmew.
Enmist,To infold  as in a mist.
Enmities,of Enmity
Enmossed,Covered with moss; mossed.
Enmove,See Emmove.
Enmuffle,To muffle up.
Enmure,To immure.
Ennation,The ninth segment in insects.
Ennead,The number nine or a group of nine.
Enneagonal,Belonging to an enneagon; having nine angles.
Enheahedral,Having nine sides.
Enheahedria,Alt. of Enheahedron
Enheahedron,A figure having nine sides; a nonagon.
Enneandria,A Linnaean class of plants having nine stamens.
Enneandrian,Alt. of Enneandrous
Enneandrous,Having nine stamens.
Enneapetalous,Having nine petals  or flower leaves.
Enneaspermous,Having nine seeds; -- said of fruits.
Enneatic,Alt. of Enneatical
Ennew,To make new.
Enniche,To place in a niche.
Ennobled,of Ennoble
Ennobling,of Ennoble
Ennobler,One who ennobles.
Ennuye,Affected with ennui; weary in spirits; emotionally exhausted.
Ennuyee,A woman affected with ennui.
Enodal,Without a node.
Enode,To clear of knots; to make clear.
Enoint,Anointed.
Enomotarch,The commander of an enomoty.
Enoptomancy,Divination by the use of a mirror.
Enorm,Enormous.
Enormities,of Enormity
Enormously,In an enormous degree.
Enormousness,The state of being enormous.
Enounced,of Enounce
Enouncing,of Enounce
Enounce,To announce; to declare; to state  as a proposition or argument.
Enouncement,Act of enouncing; that which is enounced.
Enow,A form of Enough.
Enpatron,To act the part of a patron towards; to patronize.
Enpierce,To pierce.
Enquere,To inquire.
Enquicken,To quicken; to make alive.
Enquire,See Inquire.
Enquirer,See Inquirer.
Enquiry,See Inquiry.
Enrace,To enroot; to implant.
Enraged,of Enrage
Enraging,of Enrage
Enragement,Act of enraging or state of being enraged; excitement.
Enrange,To range in order; to put in rank; to arrange.
Enrank,To place in ranks or in order.
Enrapt,Thrown into ecstasy; transported; enraptured.
Enraptured,of Enrapture
Enrapturing,of Enrapture
Enravish,To transport with delight; to enrapture; to fascinate.
Enravishingly,So as to throw into ecstasy.
Enravishment,The state of being enravished or enraptured; ecstasy; rapture.
Enregister,To register; to enroll or record; to inregister.
Enrheum,To contract a rheum.
Enriched,of Enrich
Enriching,of Enrich
Enricher,One who enriches.
Enridge,To form into ridges.
Enring,To encircle.
Enripen,To ripen.
Enrive,To rive; to cleave.
Enrobe,To invest or adorn with a robe; to attire.
Enrolled,of Enroll
Enrolling,of Enroll
Enroller,One who enrolls or registers.
Enrollment,The act of enrolling; registration.
Enroot,To fix by the root; to fix fast; to implant deep.
Enround,To surround.
En route,On the way or road.
Ensafe,To make safe.
Ensample,An example; a pattern or model for imitation.
Ensate,Having sword-shaped leaves  or appendages; ensiform.
Enscale,To cover with scales.
Enshedule,To insert in a schedule. See Schedule.
Ensconced,of Ensconce
Ensconcing,of Ensconce
Enseam,To sew up; to inclose by a seam; hence  to include; to contain.
Ensear,To sear; to dry up.
Ensearch,To make search; to try to find something.
Enseel,To close eyes of; to seel; -- said in reference to a hawk.
Enseint,With child; pregnant. See Enceinte.
Ensemble,The whole; all the parts taken together.
Enshelter,To shelter.
Enshield,To defend  as with a shield; to shield.
Enshrined,of Enshrine
Enshrining,of Enshrine
Enshroud,To cover with  or as with a shroud; to shroud.
Ensiferous,Bearing a sword.
Ensigncies,of Ensigncy
Ensigncy,The rank or office of an ensign.
Ensignship,The state or rank of an ensign.
Ensilaged,of Ensilage
Ensilaging,of Ensilage
Ensky,To place in the sky or in heaven.
Enslaved,of Enslave
Enslaving,of Enslave
Enslavedness,State of being enslaved.
Enslaver,One who enslaves.
Ensnare,To catch in a snare. See Insnare.
Ensnarl,To entangle.
Ensober,To make sober.
Ensoul,To indue or imbue (a body) with soul.
Ensphere,To place in a sphere; to envelop.
Enstamp,To stamp; to mark as /ith a stamp; to impress deeply.
Enstate,See Instate.
Enstatitic,Relating to enstatite.
Enstore,To restore.
Enstyle,To style; to name.
Ensuable,Ensuing; following.
Ensued,of Ensue
Ensuing,of Ensue
Ensue,To follow; to pursue; to follow and overtake.
Ensure,To make sure. See Insure.
Ensurer,See Insurer.
Enswathe,To swathe; to envelop  as in swaddling clothes.
Enswathement,The act of enswathing  or the state of being enswathed.
Ensweep,To sweep over or across; to pass over rapidly.
Ent-,A prefix signifying within. See Ento-.
Entablement,See Entablature.
Entackle,To supply with tackle.
Entail,That which is entailed.
Entailed,of Entail
Entailing,of Entail
Entame,To tame.
Entangled,of Entangle
Entangling,of Entangle
Entangler,One that entangles.
Entasis,A slight convex swelling of the shaft of a column.
Entassment,A heap; accumulation.
Entastic,Relating to any disease characterized by tonic spasms.
Entend,To attend to; to apply one's self to.
Entender,To make tender.
Ententive,Attentive; zealous.
Enter-,A prefix signifying between  among part.
Entered,of Enter
Entering,of Enter
Enteradenography,A treatise upon  or description of the intestinal glands.
Enteradenology,The science which treats of the glands of the alimentary canal.
Enteralgia,Pain in the intestines; colic.
Enterdeal,Mutual dealings; intercourse.
Enterer,One who makes an entrance or beginning.
Enteritis,An inflammation of the intestines.
Enterlace,See Interlace.
Entermete,To interfere; to intermeddle.
Entermise,Mediation.
Enterocele,A hernial tumor whose contents are intestine.
Enterography,A treatise upon  or description of the intestines; enterology.
Enterolith,An intestinal concretion.
Enterology,The science which treats of the viscera of the body.
Enteron,The whole alimentary  or enteric canal.
Enteropathy,Disease of the intestines.
Enterorrhaphy,The operation of sewing up a rent in the intestinal canal.
Enterparlance,Mutual talk or conversation; conference.
Enterplead,Same as Interplead.
Enterpriser,One who undertakes enterprises.
Entertained,of Entertain
Entertaining,of Entertain
Entertainer,One who entertains.
Entertake,To entertain.
Entertissued,Same as Intertissued.
Entheal,Alt. of Enthean
Enthean,Divinely inspired; wrought up to enthusiasm.
Entheasm,Inspiration; enthusiasm.
Entheastic,Of godlike energy; inspired.
Entheat,Divinely inspired.
Enthelmintha,Alt. of Enthelminthes
Enthelminthes,Intestinal worms. See Helminthes.
Enthrall,To hold in thrall; to enslave. See Inthrall.
Enthrill,To pierce; to thrill.
Enthronement,The act of enthroning  or state of being enthroned.
Enthronized,of Enthronize
Enthronizing,of Enthronize
Enthronize,To place on a throne; hence  to induct into office as a bishop.
Enthuse,To make or become enthusiastic.
Enthusiastic,Alt. of Enthusiastical
Enthymematic,Alt. of Enthymematical
Enthymematical,Pertaining to  or of the form of an enthymeme.
Enticed,of Entice
Enticing,of Entice
Enticeable,Capable of being enticed.
Enticer,One who entices; one who incites or allures to evil.
Enticingly,In an enticing manner; charmingly.
Entierty,See Entirety.
Entitative,Considered as pure entity; abstracted from all circumstances.
Entitled,of Entitle
Entitling,of Entitle
Entitule,To entitle.
Entities,of Entity
Ento-,A combining form signifying within; as  entoblast.
Entoblast,The inner germ layer; endoderm. See Nucleolus.
Entobronchia,of Entobronchium
Entobronchium,One of the main bronchi in the lungs of birds.
Entocuneiform,Alt. of Entocuniform
Entocuniform,One of the bones of the tarsus. See Cuneiform.
Entoderm,See Endoderm  and Illust. of Blastoderm.
Entodermal,Alt. of Entodermic
Entodermic,Relating to the entoderm.
Entogenous,See Endogenous.
Entoglossal,Within the tongue; -- applied to the glossohyal bone.
Entoiled,of Entoil
Entoiling,of Entoil
Entoil,To take with toils or bring into toils; to insnare.
Entombed,of Entomb
Entombing,of Entomb
Entomic,Alt. of Entomical
Entomical,Relating to insects; entomological.
Entomoid,Resembling an insect.
Entomolin,See Chitin.
Entomolite,A fossil insect.
Entomologic,Alt. of Entomological
Entomological,Of or relating to entomology.
Entomologist,One versed in entomology.
Entomologize,To collect specimens in the study of entomology.
Entomologies,of Entomology
Entomology,That part of zoology which treats of insects.
Entomophagan,Relating to the Entomophaga.
Entomophagous,Feeding on insects; insectivorous.
Entomostracan,Relating to the Entomostraca.
Entomostracous,Belonging to the Entomostracans.
Entomotomist,One who practices entomotomy.
Entomotomy,The science of the dissection of insects.
Entonic,Having great tension  or exaggerated action.
Entophyte,A vegetable parasite subsisting in the interior of the body.
Entophytic,Of or pertaining to entophytes; as  an entophytic disease.
Entoplasm,The inner granular layer of protoplasm in a developing ovum.
Entoplastra,of Entoplastron
Entorganism,An internal parasitic organism.
Entortilation,A turning into a circle; round figures.
Entosterna,of Entosternum
Entosternum,See Entoplastron.
Entothorax,See Endothorax.
Entotic,Pertaining to the interior of the ear.
Entozoal,Alt. of Entozoic
Entozoic,Pertaining to  or consisting of the Entozoa.
Entozoologist,One versed in the science of the Entozoa.
Entozoon,One of the Entozoa.
Entrail,To interweave; to intertwine.
Entrain,To draw along as a current does; as  water entrained by steam.
Entrammel,To trammel; to entangle.
Entranced,of Entrance
Entrancing,of Entrance
Entrancement,The act of entrancing  or the state of trance or ecstasy.
Entrant,One who enters; a beginner.
Entrapped,of Entrap
Entrapping,of Entrap
Entreated,of Entreat
Entreating,of Entreat
Entreat,To treat  or conduct toward; to deal with; to use.
Entreatable,That may be entreated.
Entreatance,Entreaty.
Entreater,One who entreats; one who asks earnestly; a beseecher.
Entreatful,Full of entreaty. [R.] See Intreatful.
Entreatingly,In an entreating manner.
Entreative,Used in entreaty; pleading.
Entreatment,Entreaty; invitation.
Entreaties,of Entreaty
Entreaty,Treatment; reception; entertainment.
Entrench,See Intrench.
Entrick,To trick  to perplex.
Entrochite,A fossil joint of a crinoid stem.
Entropion,Same as Entropium.
Entropium,The inversion or turning in of the border of the eyelids.
Entrust,See Intrust.
Entries,of Entry
Entryng,Am entrance.
Entune,To tune; to intone.
Entwine,To twine  twist or wreathe together or round.
Entwinement,A twining or twisting together or round; union.
Entwist,To twist or wreathe round; to intwine.
Enubilate,To clear from mist  clouds or obscurity.
Enubilous,Free from fog  mist or clouds; clear.
Enucleated,of Enucleate
Enucleating,of Enucleate
Enucleation,The act of enucleating; elucidation; exposition.
Enumerated,of Enumerate
Enumerating,of Enumerate
Enumeration,The act of enumerating  making separate mention or recounting.
Enumerative,Counting  or reckoning up one by one.
Enumerator,One who enumerates.
Enunciable,Capable of being enunciated or expressed.
Enunciated,of Enunciate
Enunciating,of Enunciate
Enunciative,Pertaining to  or containing enunciation; declarative.
Enunciator,One who enunciates or proclaims.
Enunciatory,Pertaining to  or containing enunciation or utterance.
Enure,See Inure.
Enuresis,An involuntary discharge of urine; incontinence of urine.
Envassal,To make a vassal of.
Envault,To inclose in a vault; to entomb.
Enveigle,To entice. See Inveigle.
Enveloped,of Envelop
Enveloping,of Envelop
Envelope,Alt. of Envelop
Envenime,To envenom.
Envenomed,of Envenom
Envenoming,of Envenom
Envermeil,To color with  or as with vermilion; to dye red.
Envie,To vie; to emulate; to strive.
Envigor,To invigorate.
Envious,Malignant; mischievous; spiteful.
Environed,of Environ
Environing,of Environ
Environment,Act of environing; state of being environed.
Envisaged,of Envisage
Envisaging,of Envisage
Envisage,To look in the face of; to apprehend; to regard.
Envisagement,The act of envisaging.
Envolume,To form into  or incorporate with a volume.
Envolup,To wrap up; to envelop.
Envoyship,The office or position of an envoy.
Envies,of Envy
Envy,Malice; ill will; spite.
Envied,of Envy
Envying,of Envy
Envyned,Stored or furnished with wine.
Enwall,See Inwall.
Enwallow,To plunge into  or roll in flith; to wallow.
Enwheel,To encircle.
Enwiden,To widen.
Enwind,To wind about; to encircle.
Enwoman,To endow with the qualities of a woman.
Enwombed,of Enwomb
Enwombing,of Enwomb
Enwomb,To conceive in the womb.
Enwrap,To envelop. See Inwrap.
Enwrapment,Act of enwrapping; a wrapping or an envelope.
Enwreathe,See Inwreathe.
Eolian,Aeolian.
Eolic,See Aeolic.
Eolipile,Same as Aeolipile.
Eon,Alt. of Aeon
Eophytic,Of or pertaining to eophytes.
Eos,Aurora  the goddess of morn.
Eozoons,of Eozoon
Eozoa,of Eozoon
Ep-,See Epi-.
Epagogic,Inductive.
Epalate,Without palpi.
Epanaphora,Same as Anaphora.
Epanastrophe,Same as Anadiplosis.
Epanthous,Growing upon flowers; -- said of certain species of fungi.
Epaulet,Alt. of Epaulette
Epauleted,Alt. of Epauletted
Epauletted,Wearing epaulets; decorated with epaulets.
Epen,See Epencephalon.
Epencephalic,Pertaining to the epencephalon.
Ependymis,See Ependyma.
Epenetic,Bestowing praise; eulogistic; laudatory.
Epentheses,of Epenthesis
Eperlan,The European smelt (Osmerus eperlanus).
Epexegesis,A full or additional explanation; exegesis.
Epexegetical,Relating to epexegesis; explanatory; exegetical.
Ephah,Alt. of Epha
Ephemera,A fever of one day's continuance only.
Ephemeran,One of the ephemeral flies.
Ephemeric,Ephemeral.
Ephemerides,of Ephemeris
Ephemeris,A diary; a journal.
Ephemerist,One who studies the daily motions and positions of the planets.
Ephemeron,One of the ephemeral flies.
Ephemerous,Ephemeral.
Ephialtes,The nightmare.
Ephippial,Saddle-shaped; occupying an ephippium.
Ephippium,A depression in the sphenoid bone; the pituitary fossa.
Ephors,of Ephor
Ephori,of Ephor
Ephoral,Pertaining to an ephor.
Ephoralty,The office of an ephor  or the body of ephors.
Ephraim,A hunter's name for the grizzly bear.
Epiblastic,Of or relating to  or consisting of the epiblast.
Epiboly,Epibolic invagination. See under Invagination.
Epical,Epic.
Epicardiac,Of or relating to the epicardium.
Epicarican,An isopod crustacean  parasitic on shrimps.
Epicede,A funeral song or discourse; an elegy.
Epicedial,Elegiac; funereal.
Epicedian,Epicedial.
Epicedium,An epicede.
Epicentral,Arising from the centrum of a vertebra.
Epicerastic,Lenient; assuaging.
Epichiremata,of Epichirema
Epichorial,In or of the country.
Epiclinal,Situated on the receptacle or disk of a flower.
Epicoene,Epicene.
Epicondylar,Pertaining to  or resembling an epicondyle.
Epicranial,Pertaining to the epicranium; as epicranial muscles.
Epicure,A follower of Epicurus; an Epicurean.
Epicurean,Pertaining to Epicurus  or following his philosophy.
Epicurely,Luxuriously.
Epicureous,Epicurean.
Epicurism,The doctrines of Epicurus.
Epicurize,To profess or tend towards the doctrines of Epicurus.
Epicyclic,Pertaining to  resembling or having the motion of an epicycle.
Epicycloidal,Pertaining to the epicycloid  or having its properties.
Epidemic,Alt. of Epidemical
Epidemically,In an epidemic manner.
Epidemiography,A treatise upon  or history of epidemic diseases.
Epidemiological,Connected with  or pertaining to epidemiology.
Epidemiologist,A person skilled in epidemiology.
Epidemiology,That branch of science which treats of epidemics.
Epidemy,An epidemic disease.
Epiderm,The epidermis.
Epidermal,Of or pertaining to the epidermis; epidermic; cuticular.
Epidermatic,Epidermal.
Epidermatoid,Epidermoid.
Epidermeous,Epidermal.
Epidermic,Epidermal; connected with the skin or the bark.
Epidermical,Epidermal.
Epidermidal,Epidermal.
Epidermoid,Like epidermis; pertaining to the epidermis.
Epidermose,Keratin.
Epidictic,Alt. of Epidictical
Epidictical,Serving to explain; demonstrative.
Epigaeous,Growing on  or close to the ground.
Epigastrial,Epigastric.
Epigastric,Pertaining to the epigastrium  or to the epigastric region.
Epigastrium,The upper part of the abdomen.
Epigeal,Epigaeous.
Epigee,See Perigee.
Epigenesist,One who believes in  or advocates the theory of epigenesis.
Epigeous,Same as Epigaeous.
Epigeum,See Perigee.
Epiglottic,Pertaining to  or connected with the epiglottis.
Epiglottidean,Same as Epiglottic.
Epignathous,Hook-billed; having the upper mandible longer than the lower.
Epigrammatic,Alt. of Epigrammatical
Epigrammatically,In the way of epigram; in an epigrammatic style.
Epigrammatist,One who composes epigrams  or makes use of them.
Epigrammatized,of Epigrammatize
Epigrammatizing,of Epigrammatize
Epigrammatize,To represent by epigrams; to express by epigrams.
Epigrammatizer,One who writes in an affectedly pointed style.
Epigrammist,An epigrammatist.
Epigraphic,Alt. of Epigraphical
Epigraphics,The science or study of epigraphs.
Epigraphist,A student of  or one versed in epigraphy.
Epihyal,A segment next above the ceratohyal in the hyoidean arch.
Epileptic,Pertaining to  affected with or of the nature of epilepsy.
Epileptical,Epileptic.
Epileptiform,Resembling epilepsy.
Epileptoid,Resembling epilepsy; as  epileptoid convulsions.
Epilogation,A summing up in a brief account.
Epilogic,Alt. of Epilogical
Epilogical,Of or pertaining to an epilogue.
Epilogism,Enumeration; computation.
Epilogistic,Of or pertaining to epilogue; of the nature of an epilogue.
Epilogize,To speak an epilogue to; to utter as an epilogue.
Epiloguize,Same as Epilogize.
Epimera,See Epimeron.
Epimeral,Pertaining to the epimera.
Epineural,Arising from the neurapophysis of a vertebra.
Epinicial,Relating to victory.
Epinicion,A song of triumph.
Epinikian,Epinicial.
Epipedometry,The mensuration of figures standing on the same base.
Epipetalous,Borne on the petals or corolla.
Epiphany,An appearance  or a becoming manifest.
Epipharynx,A structure which overlaps the mouth of certain insects.
Epiphoneme,Epiphonema.
Epiphylospermous,Bearing fruit on the back of the leaves  as ferns.
Epiphyllous,Growing upon  or inserted into the leaf.
Epiphyseal,Alt. of Epiphysial
Epiphysial,Pertaining to  or having the nature of an epiphysis.
Epiphyses,of Epiphysis
Epiphytal,Pertaining to an epiphyte.
Epiphytic,Alt. of Epiphytical
Epiphytical,Pertaining to  or having the nature of an epiphyte.
Epiplastra,of Epiplastron
Epipleural,Arising from the pleurapophysis of a vertebra.
Epiploic,Relating to the epiploon.
Epiploa,of Epiploon
Epiploon,See Omentum.
Epipodialia,of Epipodiale
Epipodia,of Epipodium
Epipodium,One of the lateral lobes of the foot in certain gastropods.
Epipolic,Producing  or relating to epipolism or fluorescence.
Epipolism,See Fluorescence.
Epipterygoid,Situated upon or above the pterygoid bone.
Epipubic,Relating to the epipubis.
Epipubes,of Epipubis
Episcopal,Governed by bishops; as  an episcopal church.
Episcopalianism,The doctrine and usages of Episcopalians; episcopacy.
Episcopally,By episcopal authority; in an episcopal manner.
Episcopant,A bishop.
Episcoparian,Episcopal.
Episcopate,A bishopric; the office and dignity of a bishop.
Episcopated,of Episcopate
Episcopating,of Episcopate
Episcopicide,The killing of a bishop.
Episcopize,To make a bishop of by consecration.
Episcopy,Survey; superintendence.
Episepalous,Growing on the sepals or adnate to them.
Episkeletal,Above or outside of the endoskeleton; epaxial.
Episodal,Same as Episodic.
Episodial,Pertaining to an episode; by way of episode; episodic.
Episodic,Alt. of Episodical
Episodical,Of or pertaining to an episode; adventitious.
Epispermic,Pertaining  or belonging to the episperm or covering of a seed.
Epispore,The thickish outer coat of certain spores.
Epistaxis,Bleeding at the nose.
Epistemology,The theory or science of the method or grounds of knowledge.
Episternal,Of or pertaining to the episternum.
Episterna,of Episternum
Epistler,A writer of epistles  or of an epistle of the New Testament.
Epistolar,Epistolary.
Epistolean,One who writes epistles; a correspondent.
Epistolet,A little epistle.
Epistolic,Alt. of Epistolical
Epistolize,To write epistles.
Epistolizer,A writer of epistles.
Epistolography,The art or practice of writing epistles.
Epistoma,Alt. of Epistome
Epistome,The region between the antennae and the mouth  in Crustacea.
Epitapher,A writer of epitaphs.
Epitaphial,Alt. of Epitaphian
Epitaphian,Relating to  or of the nature of an epitaph.
Epitaphic,Pertaining to an epitaph; epitaphian.
Epitaphist,An epitapher.
Epithalamic,Belonging to  or designed for an epithalamium.
Epithalamiums,of Epithalamium
Epithalamia,of Epithalamium
Epithalamium,A nuptial song  or poem in honor of the bride and bridegroom.
Epithalamies,of Epithalamy
Epithalamy,Epithalamium.
Epithelioid,Like epithelium; as  epithelioid cells.
Epitheliums,of Epithelium
Epithelia,of Epithelium
Epitheloid,Epithelioid.
Epithema,A horny excrescence upon the beak of birds.
Epithetic,Alt. of Epithetical
Epithetical,Pertaining to  or abounding with epithets.
Epithite,A lazy  worthless fellow; a vagrant.
Epithumetic,Epithumetical.
Epithumetical,Pertaining to sexual desire; sensual.
Epitithides,The uppermost member of the cornice of an entablature.
Epitomator,An epitomist.
Epitomes,of Epitome
Epitomist,One who makes an epitome; one who abridges; an epitomizer.
Epitomized,of Epitomize
Epitomizing,of Epitomize
Epitomizer,An epitomist.
Epitrochlear,Relating to the epitrochlea.
Epitrochoid,A kind of curve. See Epicycloid  any Trochoid.
Epozoan,An epizoon.
Epizoa,of Epizoon
Epizootic,Of or pertaining to an epizoon.
Epizooty,Alt. of Epizootic
Epocha,See Epoch.
Epochal,Belonging to an epoch; of the nature of an epoch.
Epodic,Pertaining to  or resembling an epode.
Eponym,Alt. of Eponyme
Eponymic,Same as Eponymous.
Epoophoron,See Parovarium.
Epopee,Alt. of Epopoeia
Epopoeia,An epic poem; epic poetry.
Epopt,One instructed in the mysteries of a secret system.
Epos,An epic.
Epotation,A drinking up; a quaffing.
Eprouvette,An apparatus for testing or proving the strength of gunpowder.
Epsomite,Native sulphate of magnesia or Epsom salt.
Epsom salts,Alt. of salt
Epulary,Of or pertaining to a feast or banquet.
Epulation,A feasting or feast; banquet.
Epulis,A hard tumor developed from the gums.
Epulose,Feasting to excess.
Epulosity,A feasting to excess.
Epuration,Purification.
Equableness,Quality or state of being equable.
Equably,In an equable manner.
Equaled,of Equal
Equalled,of Equal
Equaling,of Equal
Equalling,of Equal
Equalitarian,One who believes in equalizing the condition of men; a leveler.
Equalities,of Equality
Equalization,The act of equalizing  or state of being equalized.
Equalized,of Equalize
Equalizing,of Equalize
Equalizer,One who  or that which equalizes anything.
Equalness,Equality; evenness.
Equangular,Having equal angles; equiangular.
Equated,of Equate
Equating,of Equate
Equation,A making equal; equal division; equality; equilibrium.
Equatorially,So as to have motion or direction parallel to the equator.
Equerries,of Equerry
Equerry,A large stable or lodge for horses.
Equery,Same as Equerry.
Equestrienne,A woman skilled in equestrianism; a horsewoman.
Equi-,A prefix  meaning equally; as equidistant; equiangular.
Equiangled,Equiangular.
Equibalance,Equal weight; equiponderance.
Equibalanced,of Equibalance
Equibalancing,of Equibalance
Equicrescent,Increasing by equal increments; as  an equicrescent variable.
Equicrural,Having equal legs or sides; isosceles.
Equicrure,Equicrural.
Equidistance,Equal distance.
Equidistant,Being at an equal distance from the same point or thing.
Equiform,Having the same form; uniform.
Equilibrated,of Equilibrate
Equilibrating,of Equilibrate
Equilibration,Act of keeping a balance  or state of being balanced; equipoise.
Equilibrious,Evenly poised; balanced.
Equilibrity,The state of being balanced; equality of weight.
Equilibriums,of Equilibrium
Equilibria,of Equilibrium
Equimomental,Having equal moments of inertia.
Equimultiple,Multiplied by the same number or quantity.
Equinal,See Equine.
Equine,Of  pertaining to or resembling a horse.
Equinia,Glanders.
Equinoctially,Towards the equinox.
Equinumerant,Equal as to number.
Equipped,of Equip
Equipping,of Equip
Equipaged,Furnished with equipage.
Equiparable,Comparable.
Equiparate,To compare.
Equipedal,Equal-footed; having the pairs of feet equal.
Equipensate,To weigh equally; to esteem alike.
Equipollence,Alt. of Equipollency
Equipollency,Equality of power  force signification or application.
Equipollent,Having equal power or force; equivalent.
Equipollently,With equal power.
Equiponderance,Alt. of Equiponderancy
Equiponderancy,Equality of weight; equipoise.
Equiponderant,Being of the same weight.
Equiponderate,To be equal in weight; to weigh as much as another thing.
Equiponderous,Having equal weight.
Equipondious,Of equal weight on both sides; balanced.
Equipotential,Having the same potential.
Equiradical,Equally radical.
Equisetaceous,Belonging to the Equisetaceae  or Horsetail family.
Equisetiform,Having the form of the equisetum.
Equiseta,of Equisetum
Equisonance,An equal sounding; the consonance of the unison and its octaves.
Equisonant,Of the same or like sound.
Equitancy,Horsemanship.
Equitant,Mounted on  or sitting upon a horse; riding on horseback.
Equitation,A riding  or the act of riding on horseback; horsemanship.
Equitemporaneous,Contemporaneous.
Equities,of Equity
Equivalency,Same as Equivalence.
Equivalently,In an equal manner.
Equivalve,Alt. of Equivalved
Equivalvular,Same as Equivalve or Equivalved.
Equivocacy,Equivocalness.
Equivocally,In an equivocal manner.
Equivocalness,The state of being equivocal.
Equivocated,of Equivocate
Equivocating,of Equivocate
Equivocator,One who equivocates.
Equivocatory,Indicating  or characterized by equivocation.
Equivoque,Alt. of Equivoke
Equivorous,Feeding on horseflesh; as  equivorous Tartars.
Equus,A genus of mammals  including the horse ass etc.
Eras,of Era
Eradiated,of Eradiate
Eradiating,of Eradiate
Eradiate,To shoot forth  as rays of light; to beam; to radiate.
Eradiation,Emission of radiance.
Eradicable,Capable of being eradicated.
Eradicated,of Eradicate
Eradicating,of Eradicate
Erasable,Capable of being erased.
Erased,of Erase
Erasing,of Erase
Erasement,The act of erasing; a rubbing out; expunction; obliteration.
Erasion,The act of erasing; a rubbing out; obliteration.
Erastianism,The principles of the Erastains.
Erasure,The act of erasing; a scratching out; obliteration.
Erative,Pertaining to the Muse Erato who presided over amatory poetry.
Erato,The Muse who presided over lyric and amatory poetry.
Ercedeken,An archdeacon.
Erd,The earth.
Ere,Before; sooner than.
Erected,of Erect
Erecting,of Erect
Erectable,Capable of being erected; as  an erectable feather.
Erecter,An erector; one who raises or builds.
Erectility,The quality or state of being erectile.
Erective,Making erect or upright; raising; tending to erect.
Erectly,In an erect manner or posture.
Erectness,Uprightness of posture or form.
Erector,One who  or that which erects.
Eremitage,See Hermitage.
Eremite,A hermit.
Eremitic,Alt. of Eremitical
Eremitical,Of or pertaining to an eremite; hermitical; living in solitude.
Eremitish,Eremitic.
Eremitism,The state of a hermit; a living in seclusion from social life.
Eretation,A creeping forth.
Ereption,A snatching away.
Erethism,A morbid degree of excitement or irritation in an organ.
Erethistic,Relating to erethism.
Erewhile,Alt. of Erewhiles
Erewhiles,Some time ago; a little while before; heretofore.
Erven,of Erf
Erf,A garden plot  usually about half an acre.
Ergat,To deduce logically  as conclusions.
Ergo,Therefore; consequently; -- often used in a jocular way.
Ergotic,Pertaining to  or derived from ergot; as ergotic acid.
Ergotin,An extract made from ergot.
Ergotism,A logical deduction.
Ergotized,Affected with the ergot fungus; as  ergotized rye.
Eriach,Alt. of Eric
Erigible,Capable of being erected.
Erin,An early  and now a poetic name of Ireland.
Erinaceous,Of the Hedgehog family; like  or characteristic of a hedgehog.
Eringo,The sea holly. See Eryngo.
Erinyes,of Erinys
Eristic,Alt. of Eristical
Eristical,Controversial.
Erke,ASlothful.
Erme,To grieve; to feel sad.
Ermelin,Alt. of Ermilin
Ermilin,See Ermine.
Ermin,An Armenian.
Ermined,Clothed or adorned with the fur of the ermine.
Ermines,Alt. of Erminois
Erminois,See Note under Ermine  n. 4.
Ermit,A hermit.
Ern,Alt. of Erne
Ernest,See Earnest.
Ernestful,Serious.
Eroded,of Erode
Eroding,of Erode
Erode,To eat into or away; to corrode; as  canker erodes the flesh.
Erodent,A medicine which eats away extraneous growths; a caustic.
Erogated,of Erogate
Erogating,of Erogate
Erogate,To lay out  as money; to deal out; to expend.
Erogation,The act of giving out or bestowing.
Erose,Irregular or uneven as if eaten or worn away.
Erosion,The act or operation of eroding or eating away.
Erosive,That erodes or gradually eats away; tending to erode; corrosive.
Erostrate,Without a beak.
Eroteme,A mark indicating a question; a note of interrogation.
Erotic,Alt. of Erotical
Eroticism,Erotic quality.
Erpetologist,Herpetologist.
Erpetology,Herpetology.
Erred,of Err
Erring,of Err
Err,To wander; to roam; to stray.
Errable,Liable to error; fallible.
Errableness,Liability to error.
Errabund,Erratic.
Errancy,A wandering; state of being in error.
Errantry,A wandering; a roving; esp.  a roving in quest of adventures.
Errata,See Erratum.
Erratical,Erratic.
Erration,A wandering; a roving about.
Erratum,An error or mistake in writing or printing.
Error,A wandering; a roving or irregular course.
Errorful,Full of error; wrong.
Errorist,One who encourages and propagates error; one who holds to error.
Ers,The bitter vetch (Ervum Ervilia).
Ersh,See Arrish.
Erst,First.
Erstwhile,Till then or now; heretofore; formerly.
Erubescence,Alt. of Erubescency
Erubescent,Red  or reddish; blushing.
Erubescite,See Bornite.
Erucae,of Eruca
Eruca,An insect in the larval state; a caterpillar; a larva.
Erucifrom,Having the form of a caterpillar; -- said of insect larvae.
Eruct,Alt. of Eructate
Eructate,To eject  as wind from the stomach; to belch.
Eructation,The act of belching wind from the stomach; a belch.
Erudiate,To instruct; to educate; to teach.
Erugate,Freed from wrinkles; smooth.
Erupt,To cause to burst forth; to eject; as  to erupt lava.
Eruptional,Eruptive.
Eruptive,Breaking out or bursting forth.
Eryngo,A plant of the genus Eryngium.
Erysipelatoid,Resembling erysipelas.
Erysipelatous,Resembling erysipelas  or partaking of its nature.
Erysipelous,Erysipelatous.
Erythematous,Relating to  or causing erythema.
Erythrean,Alt. of Erythraean
Erythraean,Red in color.
Erythric,Pertaining to  derived from or resembling erythrin.
Erythrin,Alt. of Erythrine
Erythrism,A condition of excessive redness. See Erythrochroism.
Erythrochroic,Having  or subject to erythrochroism.
Erythrodextrin,A dextrin which gives a red color with iodine. See Dextrin.
Erythrolein,A red substance obtained from litmus.
Erythrolitmin,Erythrolein.
Erythrophyll,Alt. of Erythrophyllin
Erythrosin,A red substance formed by the oxidation of tyrosin.
Escaladed,of Escalade
Escalading,of Escalade
Escallop,See Escalop.
Escalloped,See Escaloped.
Escalop,A bivalve shell of the genus Pecten. See Scallop.
Escaloped,Cut or marked in the form of an escalop; scalloped.
Escapable,Avoidable.
Escaped,of Escape
Escaping,of Escape
Escapement,The act of escaping; escape.
Escaper,One who escapes.
Escarbuncle,See Carbuncle  3.
Escargatoire,A nursery of snails.
Escarped,of Escarp
Escarping,of Escarp
Eschalot,See Shallot.
Escharine,Like  or pertaining to the genus Eschara or family Escharidae.
Escharotic,Serving or tending to form an eschar; producing a scar; caustic.
Eschatological,Pertaining to the last or final things.
Eschaunge,Exchange.
Esheated,of Escheat
Escheating,of Escheat
Escheatable,Liable to escheat.
Escheatage,The right of succeeding to an escheat.
Eschevin,The alderman or chief officer of an ancient guild.
Eshewed,of Eschew
Eshewing,of Eschew
Eschewer,One who eschews.
Eschewment,The act of eschewing.
Escocheon,Escutcheon.
Escopet,Alt. of Escopette
Escopette,A kind of firearm; a carbine.
Escorial,See Escurial.
Escorted,of Escort
Escorting,of Escort
Escot,See Scot  a tax.
Escouade,See Squad
Escript,A writing.
Escritorial,Of or pertaining to an escritoire.
Escrod,See Scrod  a young cod.
Escrol,Alt. of Escroll
Escroll,A scroll.
Esculapian,Aesculapian.
Esculapius,Same as Aesculapius.
Escutcheoned,Having an escutcheon; furnished with a coat of arms or ensign.
Ese,Ease; pleasure.
Esemplastic,Shaped into one; tending to  or formative into unity.
Esexual,Sexless; asexual.
Esguard,Guard.
Eskar,Alt. of Esker
Esker,See Eschar.
Eskimos,of Eskimo
Esloin,To remove; to banish; to withdraw; to avoid; to eloign.
Esophagal,Esophageal.
Esophageal,Pertaining to the esophagus.
Esophagean,Esophageal.
Esoterical,Esoteric.
Esoterically,In an esoteric manner.
Esotericism,Esoteric doctrine or principles.
Esoterics,Mysterious or hidden doctrines; secret science.
Esotery,Mystery; esoterics; -- opposed to exotery.
Esox,A genus of fresh-water fishes  including pike and pickerel.
Espace,Space.
Espaliered,of Espalier
Espaliering,of Espalier
Especialness,The state of being especial.
Esperance,Hope.
Espiaille,Espial.
Espial,The act of espying; notice; discovery.
Espier,One who espies.
Espinel,A kind of ruby. See Spinel.
Espousage,Espousal.
Espoused,of Espouse
Espousing,of Espouse
Espouse,To betroth; to promise in marriage; to give as spouse.
Espousement,The act of espousing  or the state of being espoused.
Espressivo,With expression.
Esprit,Spirit.
Espied,of Espy
Espying,of Espy
Espies,of Espy
Esquimaux,of Esquimau
Esquimau,Same as Eskimo.
Esquired,of Esquire
Esquiring,of Esquire
Esquisse,The first sketch of a picture or model of a statue.
Essays,of Essay
Essayed,of Essay
Essaying,of Essay
Essayer,One who essays.
Essayist,A writer of an essay  or of essays.
Essenced,of Essence
Essencing,of Essence
Essenes,of Essene
Essenism,The doctrine or the practices of the Essenes.
Esential,Existence; being.
Essentiality,The quality of being essential; the essential part.
Esentialness,Essentiality.
Essentiated,of Essentiate
Essentiating,of Essentiate
Essentiate,To form or constitute the essence or being of.
Essoin,Alt. of Essoign
Essoiner,An attorney who sufficiently excuses the absence of another.
Essonite,Cinnamon stone  a variety of garnet. See Garnet.
Est,East.
Established,of Establish
Establishing,of Establish
Establisher,One who establishes.
Estafet,Alt. of Estafette
Estancia,A grazing; a country house.
Estatlich,Alt. of Estatly
Estatly,Stately; dignified.
Esteemed,of Esteem
Esteeming,of Esteem
Esteemable,Worthy of esteem; estimable.
Esteemer,One who esteems; one who sets a high value on any thing.
Esthete,Alt. of Esthetics
Esthetic,Alt. of Esthetics
Esthetical,Alt. of Esthetics
Estiferous,Producing heat.
Estimable,Capable of being estimated or valued; as  estimable damage.
Estimableness,The quality of deserving esteem or regard.
Estimably,In an estimable manner.
Estimated,of Estimate
Estimating,of Estimate
Estimation,The act of estimating.
Estimator,One who estimates or values; a valuer.
Estival,Alt. of Estivation
Estivate,Alt. of Estivation
Estivation,Same as Aestival  Aestivate etc.
Estophed,of Estop
Estopping,of Estop
Estop,To impede or bar by estoppel.
Estranged,of Estrange
Estranging,of Estrange
Estrangedness,State of being estranged; estrangement.
Estranger,One who estranges.
Estrangle,To strangle.
Estray,To stray.
Estre,The inward part of a building; the interior.
Estreated,of Estreat
Estreating,of Estreat
Estrich,Ostrich.
Estuance,Heat.
Estuarine,Pertaining to an estuary; estuary.
Estuaries,of Estuary
Estuary,A place where water boils up; a spring that wells forth.
Estuated,of Estuate
Estuating,of Estuate
Estuate,To boil up; to swell and rage; to be agitated.
Estuation,The act of estuating; commotion  as of a fluid; agitation.
Estufas,of Estufa
Estufa,An assembly room in dwelling of the Pueblo Indians.
Esture,Commotion.
Esurient,Inclined to eat; hungry; voracious.
Esurine,Causing hunger; eating; corroding.
Etaac,The blue buck.
Etacist,One who favors etacism.
Et cetera,Alt. of Et caetera
Etch,A variant of Eddish.
Etched,of Etch
Etching,of Etch
Etcher,One who etches.
Eteostic,A kind of chronogram.
Eterminable,Interminable.
Etern,Alt. of Eterne
Eterne,Eternal.
Eternal,Without beginning or end of existence; always existing.
Eternalist,One who holds the existence of matter to be from eternity.
Eternalize,To make eternal.
Eternally,In an eternal manner.
Eternify,To make eternal.
Eternities,of Eternity
Eternization,The act of eternizing; the act of rendering immortal or famous.
Eternized,of Eternize
Eterniziing,of Eternize
Eternize,To make eternal or endless.
Ethe,Easy.
Ethel,Noble.
Ethene,Ethylene; olefiant gas.
Ethenyl,A trivalent hydrocarbon radical  CH3.C.
Etheostomoid,Pertaining to  or like the genus Etheostoma.
Etherealism,Ethereality.
Ethereality,The state of being ethereal; etherealness.
Etherealization,An ethereal or spiritlike state.
Ethereally,In an ethereal manner.
Etherealness,Ethereality.
Ethereous,Formed of ether; ethereal.
Etheriform,Having the form of ether.
Etherization,The administration of ether to produce insensibility.
Etherized,of Etherize
Etherizing,of Etherize
Etherize,To convert into ether.
Ethic,Alt. of Ethical
Ethically,According to  in harmony with moral principles or character.
Ethicist,One who is versed in ethics  or has written on ethics.
Ethide,Any compound of ethyl of a binary type; as  potassium ethide.
Ethidene,Ethylidene.
Ethine,Acetylene.
Ethionic,Pertaining to  derived from or designating an acid so called.
Ethiop,Alt. of Ethiopian
Ethiopic,Of or relating to Ethiopia or the Ethiopians.
Ethmoid,Alt. of Ethmoidal
Ethmoidal,Like a sieve; cribriform.
Ethmotrubinal,See Turbinal.
Ethnarch,The governor of a province or people.
Ethnarchy,The dominion of an ethnarch; principality and rule.
Ethnic,Alt. of Ethnical
Ethnically,In an ethnical manner.
Ethnicism,Heathenism; paganism; idolatry.
Ethnographer,One who investigates ethnography.
Ethnographic,Alt. of Ethnographical
Ethnographical,pertaining to ethnography.
Ethnographically,In an ethnographical manner.
Ethnologic,Alt. of Ethnological
Ethnological,Of or pertaining to ethnology.
Ethnologist,One versed in ethnology; a student of ethnology.
Ethologic,Alt. of Ethological
Ethologist,One who studies or writes upon ethology.
Ethology,A treatise on morality; ethics.
Ethopoetic,Expressing character.
Ethule,Ethyl.
Ethylin,Any one of the several complex ethers of ethyl and glycerin.
Ethylsulphuric,Pertaining to  or containing ethyl and sulphuric acid.
Etiolated,of Etiolate
Etiolating,of Etiolate
Etiological,Pertaining to  or inquiring into causes; aetiological.
Etiology,The science of causes. Same as /tiology.
Etnean,Pertaining to Etna  a volcanic mountain in Sicily.
Etoile,See Estoile.
Etrurian,Of or relating to ancient Etruria  in Italy.
Etruscan,Of or relating to Etruria.
Etter pike,The stingfish  or lesser weever (Tranchinus vipera).
Ettin,A giant.
Ettle,To earn. [Obs.] See Addle  to earn.
Etwee,See Etui.
Etym,See Etymon.
Etymic,Relating to the etymon; as  an etymic word.
Etymologer,An etymologist.
Etymological,Pertaining to etymology  or the derivation of words.
Etymologicon,An etymological dictionary or manual.
Etymologist,One who investigates the derivation of words.
Etymologies,of Etymology
Etymons,of Etymon
Etyma,of Etymon
Etymon,An original form; primitive word; root.
Etypical,Diverging from  or lacking conformity to a type.
Eucharist,The act of giving thanks; thanksgiving.
Eucharistic,Alt. of Eucharistical
Eucharistical,Giving thanks; expressing thankfulness; rejoicing.
Euchite,One who resolves religion into prayer.
Euchloric,Relating to  or consisting of euchlorine; as euchloric /.
Euchologion,Alt. of Euchology
Euchologue,Euchology.
Euchroic,Having a fine color.
Euchrone,A substance obtained from euchroic acid. See Eychroic.
Euchymy,A good state of the blood and other fluids of the body.
Euclidian,Related to Euclid  or to the geometry of Euclid.
Eucopepoda,A group which includes the typical copepods and the lerneans.
Euctical,Expecting a wish; supplicatory.
Eudemon,Alt. of Eudaemon
Eudaemon,A good angel.
Eudemonics,Alt. of Eudaemonics
Eudemonism,Alt. of Eudaemonism
Eudemonist,Alt. of Eudaemonist
Eudaemonist,One who believes in eudemonism.
Eudemonistic,Alt. of Eudaemonistic
Eudaemonistic,Of or pertaining to eudemonism.
Eudemonistical,Alt. of Eudaemonistical
Eudaemonistical,Eudemonistic.
Eudiometric,Alt. of Eudiometrical
Euganoidei,A group which includes the bony ganoids  as the gar pikes.
Euge,Applause.
Eugenic,Pertaining to  or derived from cloves; as eugenic acid.
Eugenics,The science of improving stock  whether human or animal.
Eugeny,Nobleness of birth.
Eugetic,Alt. of Eugetinic
Eugetinic,Pertaining to  or derived from eugenol; as eugetic acid.
Eugh,The yew.
Eugubian,Alt. of Eugubine
Euhemerist,One who advocates euhemerism.
Euhemeristic,Of or pertaining to euhemerism.
Euhemerize,To interpret (mythology) on the theory of euhemerism.
Euisopoda,A group which includes the typical Isopoda.
Eulerian,Pertaining to Euler  a German mathematician of the 18th century.
Eulogic,Alt. of Eulogical
Eulogical,Bestowing praise of eulogy; commendatory; eulogistic.
Eulogist,One who eulogizes or praises; panegyrist; encomiast.
Eulogistic,Alt. of Eulogistical
Eulogiums,of Eulogium
Eulogium,A formal eulogy.
Eulogized,of Eulogize
Eulogizing,of Eulogize
Eulogies,of Eulogy
Eumenides,A euphemistic name for the Furies of Erinyes.
Eunomy,Equal law  or a well-adjusted constitution of government.
Eunuchate,To make a eunuch of; to castrate. as a man.
Eunuchism,The state of being eunuch.
Eupathy,Right feeling.
Eupatrid,One well born  or of noble birth.
Eupepsia,Alt. of Eupepsy
Euphemistic,Alt. of Euphemistical
Euphemized,of Euphemize
Euphemizing,of Euphemize
Euphonic,Alt. of Euphonical
Euphonicon,A kind of upright piano.
Euphonious,Pleasing or sweet in sound; euphonic; smooth-sounding.
Euphonism,An agreeable combination of sounds; euphony.
Euphonium,A bass instrument of the saxhorn family.
Euphonize,To make euphonic.
Euphonous,Euphonious.
Euphonies,of Euphony
Euphorbiaceous,Alt. of Euphorbial
Euphorbial,Of  relating to or resembling the Euphorbia family.
Euphuistic,Belonging to the euphuists  or euphuism; affectedly refined.
Eupittonic,Pertaining to  or derived from eupittone.
Eurasiatio,Of or pertaining to the continents of Europe and Asia combined.
Euripize,To whirl hither and thither.
Euritte,A compact feldspathic rock; felsite. See Felsite.
Euritic,Of or pelating to eurite.
European,Of or pertaining to Europe  or to its inhabitants.
Eurus,The east wind.
Eurycerous,Having broad horns.
Eurypteroid,Like  or pertaining to the genus Euryperus.
Eustachian,Discovered by Eustachius.
Eustyle,See Intercolumnlation.
Eutaxy,Good or established order or arrangement.
Euterpe,The Muse who presided over music.
Euterpean,Of or pertaining to Euterpe or to music.
Euthanasia,An easy death; a mode of dying to be desired.
Euthanasy,Same as Euthanasia.
Euthiochroic,Pertaining to  or denoting an acid so called.
Eutrophy,Healthy nutrition; soundless as regards the nutritive functions.
Eutychianism,The doctrine of Eutyches and his followers.
Evacate,To empty.
Evacuant,Emptying; evacuative; purgative; cathartic.
Evacuated,of Evacuate
Evacuating,of Evacuate
Evacuation,The act of emptying  clearing of the contents or discharging.
Evacuative,Serving of tending to evacuate; cathartic; purgative.
Evacuator,One who evacuates; a nullifier.
Evacuatory,A purgative.
Evaded,of Evade
Evading,of Evade
Evadible,Capable of being evaded.
Evagation,A wandering about; excursion; a roving.
Evagination,The act of unsheathing.
Eval,Relating to time or duration.
Evaluate,To fix the value of; to rate; to appraise.
Evaluation,Valuation; appraisement.
Evanesced,of Evanesce
Evanescing,of Evanesce
Evanesce,To vanish away; to become dissipated and disappear  like vapor.
Evanescently,; imperceptibly.
Evangelian,Rendering thanks for favors.
Evangelic,Belonging to  or contained in the gospel; evangelical.
Evangelicalism,Adherence to evangelical doctrines; evangelism.
Evangelically,In an evangelical manner.
Evangelicalness,State of being evangelical.
Evangelicism,Evangelical principles; evangelism.
Evangelicity,Evangelicism.
Evangelism,The preaching or promulgation of the gospel.
Evangelization,The act of evangelizing; the state of being evangelized.
Evangelized,of Evangelize
Evangelizing,of Evangelize
Evangely,Evangel.
Evangile,Good tidings; evangel.
Evanish,To vanish.
Evanishment,A vanishing; disappearance.
Evaporated,of Evaporate
Evaporating,of Evaporate
Evasible,That may be evaded.
Eve,Evening.
Evection,The act of carrying up or away; exaltation.
Even,Evening. See Eve  n. 1.
Evened,of Even
Evening,of Even
Evene,To happen.
Evener,One who  or that which makes even.
Evenfall,Beginning of evening.
Evenhand,Equality.
Evenhanded,Fair or impartial; unbiased.
Evenminded,Having equanimity.
Eventerate,To rip open; todisembowel.
Eventide,The time of evening; evening.
Eventilate,To winnow out; to fan.
Eventilation,The act of eventilating; discussion.
Eventtual,Coming or happening as a consequence or result; consequential.
Eventualities,of Eventuality
Eventually,In an eventual manner; finally; ultimately.
Eventuated,of Eventuate
Eventuating,of Eventuate
Eventuation,The act of eventuating or happening as a result; the outcome.
Ever,At any time; at any period or point of time.
Everduring,Everlasting.
Everich,Alt. of Everych
Everych,each one; every one; each of two. See Every.
Everichon,Alt. of Everychon
Everychon,Every one.
Enerlasting,Eternal duration  past of future; eternity.
Everlastingly,In an everlasting manner.
Everliving,Living always; immoral; eternal; as  the everliving God.
Evernic,Pertaining to Evernia  a genus of lichens; as evernic acid.
Everse,To overthrow or subvert.
Eversion,The act of eversing; destruction.
Eversive,Tending to evert or overthrow; subversive; with of.
Everted,of Evert
Everting,of Evert
Evert,To overthrow; to subvert.
Everybody,Every person.
Everyone,Everybody; -- commonly separated  every one.
Everywhen,At any or all times; every instant.
Everywhereness,Ubiquity; omnipresence.
Evesdrop,See Eavesdrop.
Evesdropper,See Eavesdropper.
Evestigate,To investigate.
Evibrate,To vibrate.
Evicted,of Evict
Evicting,of Evict
Evidenced,of Evidence
Evidencing,pr. & vb. n.  of Evidence
Evidencer,One whi gives evidence.
Evidentiary,Furnishing evidence; asserting; proving; evidential.
Evidently,In an evident manner; clearly; plainly.
Evidentness,State of being evident.
Evigilation,A waking up or awakening.
Evil eye,See Evil eye under Evil  a.
Evilly,In an evil manner; not well; ill.
Evinced,of Evince
Evincing,of Evince
Evince,To conquer; to subdue.
Evincement,The act of evincing or proving  or the state of being evinced.
Evirate,To emasculate; to dispossess of manhood.
Eviration,Castration.
Eviscerated,of Eviscerate
Eviscerating,of Eviscerate
Eviscerate,To take out the entrails of; to disembowel; to gut.
Evisceration,A disemboweling.
Evitable,Avoidable.
Evitate,To shun; to avoid.
Evitation,A shunning; avoidance.
Evite,To shun.
Eviternal,Eternal; everlasting.
Eviternity,Eternity.
Evocate,To call out or forth; to summon; to evoke.
Evocation,The act of calling out or forth.
Evocative,Calling forth; serving to evoke; developing.
Evocator,One who calls forth.
Evoked,of Evoke
Evoking,of Evoke
Evoke,To call out; to summon forth.
Evolatic,Alt. of Evolatical
Evolatical,Apt to fly away.
Evolation,A flying out or up.
Evolutional,Relating to evolution.
Evolutionary,Relating to evolution; as  evolutionary discussions.
Evolutionism,The theory of  or belief in evolution. See Evolution 6 and 7.
Evolutionist,One skilled in evolutions.
Evolved,of Evolve
Evolving,of Evolve
Evolvement,The act of evolving  or the state of being evolved; evolution.
Evolvent,The involute of a curve. See Involute  and Evolute.
Evomit,To vomit.
Evomition,The act of vomiting.
Evulgate,To publish abroad.
Evulgation,A divulging.
Evulsion,The act of plucking out; a rooting out.
Ew,A yew.
Ewe,The female of the sheep  and of sheeplike animals.
Ewery,Alt. of Ewry
Ewt,The newt.
Exacerrated,of Exacerbate
Exacerrating,of Exacerbate
Exacervation,The act of heaping up.
Exacinate,To remove the kernel form.
Exacination,Removal of the kernel.
Exacted,of Exact
Exacting,of Exact
Exacter,An exactor.
Exacritude,The quality of being exact; exactness.
Exactress,A woman who is an exactor.
Exacuate,To whet or sharpen.
Exaggerated,of Exaggerate
Exaggerating,of Exaggerate
Exaggerate,To heap up; to accumulate.
Exaggeration,The act of heaping or piling up.
Exaggerative,Tending to exaggerate; involving exaggeration.
Exaggerator,One who exaggerates; one addicted to exaggeration.
Exaggeratory,Containing  or tending to exaggeration; exaggerative.
Exagitate,To stir up; to agitate.
Exagitation,Agitation.
Exalbuminous,Having no albumen about the embryo; -- said of certain seeds.
Exalted,of Exalt
Exalting,of Exalt
Exalt,To raise high; to elevate; to lift up.
Exaltate,Exercising its highest influence; -- said of a planet.
Exalter,One who exalts or raises to dignity.
Exaltment,Exaltation.
Examen,Examination; inquiry.
Exametron,An hexameter.
Examinable,Capable of being examined or inquired into.
Examinant,One who examines; an examiner.
Examinate,A person subjected to examination.
Examinator,An examiner.
Examined,of Examine
Examining,of Examine
Examinee,A person examined.
Examinership,The office or rank of an examiner.
Examplary,Serving for example or pattern; exemplary.
Exampled,of Example
Exampling,of Example
Exampleless,Without or above example.
Exampler,A pattern; an exemplar.
Exampless,Exampleless. [Wrongly formed.]
Exanguious,Bloodless. [Obs.] See Exsanguious.
Exangulous,Having no corners; without angles.
Exanimate,Lifeless; dead.
Exanimation,Deprivation of life or of spirits.
Exanimous,Lifeless; dead.
Exanthem,Same as Exanthema.
Exanthemata,of Exanthema
Exanthematic,Alt. of Exanthematous
Exanthesis,An eruption of the skin; cutaneous efflorescence.
Exantlate,To exhaust or wear out.
Exantlation,Act of drawing out ; exhaustion.
Exarate,To plow up; also  to engrave; to write.
Exaration,Act of plowing; also  act of writing.
Exarchate,The office or the province of an exarch.
Exarticulate,Having but one joint; -- said of certain insects.
Exarticulation,Luxation; the dislocation of a joint.
Exasperate,Exasperated; imbittered.
Exsasperated,of Exasperate
Exasperating,of Exasperate
Exasperater,One who exasperates or inflames anger  enmity or violence.
Exauctorate,See Exauthorate.
Exauctoration,See Exauthoration.
Exaugurate,To annul the consecration of; to secularize; to unhellow.
Exauguration,The act of exaugurating; desecration.
Exauthorate,To deprive of authority or office; to depose; to discharge.
Exauthoration,Deprivation of authority or dignity; degration.
Exauthorize,To deprive of uthority.
Excalceate,To deprive of shoes.
Excalceation,The act of depriving or divesting of shoes.
Excalfaction,A heating or warming; calefaction.
Excalfactive,Serving to heat; warming.
Excalfactory,Heating; warming.
Excalibur,The name of King Arthur's mythical sword.
Excamb,Alt. of Excambie
Excambie,To exchange; -- used with reference to transfers of land.
Excambion,Alt. of Excambium
Excambium,Exchange; barter; -- used commonly of lands.
Excandescence,A growing hot; a white or glowing heat; incandescence.
Excandescent,White or glowing with heat.
Excantation,Disenchantment by a countercharm.
Excarnate,To deprive or clear of flesh.
Excarnificate,To clear of flesh; to excarnate.
Excavated,of Excavate
Excavating,of Excavate
Excave,To excavate.
Excecate,To blind.
Excecation,The act of making blind.
Excedent,Excess.
Exceeded,of Exceed
Exceeding,of Exceed
Exceedable,Capable of exceeding or surpassing.
Exceeder,One who exceeds.
Excelled,of Excel
Excelling,of Excel
Excellencies,of Excellency
Excellency,Excellence; virtue; dignity; worth; superiority.
Excellently,In an excellent manner; well in a high degree.
Excelsior,More lofty; still higher; ever upward.
Excentral,Out of the center.
Excentric,Alt. of Excentrical
Excentrical,Same as Eccentric  Eccentrical.
Excentricity,Same as Eccentricity.
Excepted,of Except
Excepting,of Except
Exceptant,Making exception.
Exceptionable,Liable to exception or objection; objectionable.
Exceptioner,One who takes exceptions or makes objections.
Exceptionless,Without exception.
Exceptious,Disposed or apt to take exceptions  or to object; captious.
Exceptless,Not exceptional; usual.
Exceptor,One who takes exceptions.
Excerebration,The act of removing or beating out the brains.
Excerebrose,Brainless.
Excernent,Connected with  or pertaining to excretion.
Excerp,To pick out.
Excerpted,of Excerpt
Excerpting,of Excerpt
Excerpt,To select; to extract; to cite; to quote.
Excerption,The act of excerpting or selecting.
Excerptive,That excerpts  selects or chooses.
Excerptor,One who makes excerpts; a picker; a culler.
Excessive,Characterized by  or exhibiting excess; overmuch.
Exchanged,of Exchange
Exchanging,of Exchange
Exchangeability,The quality or state of being exchangeable.
Exchangeable,Capable of being exchanged; fit or proper to be exchanged.
Exchangeably,By way of exchange.
Exchanger,One who exchanges; one who practices exchange.
Excheat,See Escheat.
Excheator,See Escheator.
Exchequered,of Exchequer
Exchequering,of Exchequer
Excide,To cut off.
Excipient,Taking an exception.
Exciple,Alt. of Excipulum
Excipulum,The outer part of the fructification of most lichens.
Excised,of Excise
Excising,of Excise
Excisemen,of Exciseman
Excitant,Tending to excite; exciting.
Excitate,To excite.
Excitator,A kind of discarder.
Excitatory,Tending to excite; containing excitement; excitative.
Excited,of Excite
exciting,of Excite
Exciter,One who  or that which excites.
Excitive,Serving or tending to excite; excitative.
Excito-motion,Motion excited by reflex nerves. See Excito-motory.
Excito-motor,Excito-motory; as  excito-motor power or causes.
Exclaimed,of Exclaim
Exclaiming,of Exclaim
Exclaimer,One who exclaims.
Exclamative,Exclamatory.
Excluded,of Exclude
Excluding,of Exclude
Exclusionary,Tending to exclude; causing exclusion; exclusive.
Exclusionism,The character  manner or principles of an exclusionist.
Exclusiveness,Quality of being exclusive.
Exclusivism,The act or practice of excluding being exclusive; exclusiveness.
Exclusory,Able to exclude; excluding; serving to exclude.
Excoct,To boil out; to produce by boiling.
Excoction,The act of excocting or boiling out.
Excogitated,of Excogitate
Excogitating,of Excogitate
Excommune,To exclude from participation in; to excommunicate.
Excommunicant,One who has been excommunicated.
Excommunicate,Excommunicated; interdicted from the rites of the church.
Excommunicated,of Excommunicate
Excommunicating,of Excommunicate
Excommunicator,One who excommunicates.
Excommunion,A shutting out from communion; excommunication.
Excoriable,Capable of being excoriated.
Excoriated,of Eccoriate
excoriating,of Eccoriate
Excorticate,To strip of bark or skin; to decorticate.
Excreable,Capable of being discharged by spitting.
Excreation,Act of spitting out.
Excremental,Of or pertaining to excrement.
Excrementitial,Alt. of Excrementitious
Excrementive,Serving to excrete; connected with excretion or excrement.
Excrementize,To void excrement.
Excrescency,Excrescence.
Excrescent,Growing out in an abnormal or morbid manner or as a superfluity.
Excrescential,Pertaining to  or resembling an excrescence.
Excreta,Matters to be excreted.
Excreted,of Excrete
Excreting,of Excrete
Excrete,To separate and throw off; to excrete urine.
Excretion,The act of excreting.
Excretive,Having the power of excreting  or promoting excretion.
Excruciable,Liable to torment.
Excruciate,Excruciated; tortured.
Excruciated,of Excruciate
Excruciating,of Excruciate
Excubation,A keeping watch.
Excubitorium,A gallery in a church  where persons watched all night.
Exculpable,Capable of being exculpated; deserving exculpation.
Exculpated,of Exculpate
Exculpating,of Exculpate
Excur,To run out or forth; to extend.
Excurrent,Running or flowing out
Excurse,To journey or pass thought.
Excursion,A running or going out or forth; an expedition; a sally.
Excursionist,One who goes on an excursion  or pleasure trip.
Excusation,Excuse; apology.
Excusator,One who makes  or is authorized to make an excuse; an apologist.
Excused,of Excuse
Excusing,of Excuse
Excuseless,Having no excuse; not admitting of excuse or apology.
Excusement,Excuse.
Excuss,To shake off; to discard.
Excussion,The act of excusing; seizure by law.
Exeat,A license for absence from a college or a religious house.
Execrated,of Execrate
Execrating,of Execrate
Execrative,Cursing; imprecatory; vilifying.
Execratory,Of the nature of execration; imprecatory; denunciatory.
Exect,To cut off or out. [Obs.] See Exsect.
Exection,See Exsection.
Executable,Capable of being executed; feasible; as  an executable project.
Executed,of Execute
Executing,of Execute
Executer,One who performs or carries into effect. See Executor.
Executioner,One who executes; an executer.
Executively,In the way of executing or performing.
Executorial,Of or pertaining to an executive.
Executorship,The office of an executor.
Executress,An executrix.
Executrix,A woman exercising the functions of an executor.
Exedent,Eating out; consuming.
Exedrae,of Exedra
Exedra,A room in a public building  furnished with seats.
Exegeses,of Exegesis
Exegete,An exegetist.
Exegetic,Alt. of Exegetical
Exegetics,The science of interpretation or exegesis.
Exemplarity,Exemplariness.
Exemplifiable,That can be exemplified.
Exemplification,The act of exemplifying; a showing or illustrating by example.
Exemplifier,One who exemplifies by following a pattern.
Exemplified,of Exemplify
Exemplifying,of Exemplify
Exemplify,To show or illustrate by example.
Exempt,Cut off; set apart.
Exempted,of Exempt
Exempting,of Exempt
Exemptible,That may be exempted.
Exemptitious,Separable.
Exenteration,Act of exenterating.
Exequial,Of or pertaining to funerals; funereal.
Exequious,Funereal.
Exequies,of Exequy
Exercent,Practicing; professional.
Exercisable,That may be exercised  used or exerted.
Exercised,of Exercise
Exercising,of Exercise
Exerciser,One who exercises.
Exercitation,exercise; practice; use.
Exerted,of Exert
Exerting,of Exert
Exert,To thrust forth; to emit; to push out.
Exertive,Having power or a tendency to exert; using exertion.
Exertment,Exertion.
Exesion,The act of eating out or through.
Exestuate,To be agitated; to boil up; to effervesce.
Exestuation,A boiling up; effervescence.
Exfoliated,of Exfoliate
Exfoliating,of Exfoliate
Exfoliative,Having the power of causing exfoliation.
Exhalable,Capable of being exhaled or evaporated.
Exhalant,Having the quality of exhaling or evaporating.
Exaled,of Exhale
Exaling,of Exhale
Exhalement,Exhalation.
Exhalence,Exhalation.
Exhausted,of Exhaust
Exhausting,of Exhaust
Exhauster,One who  or that which exhausts or draws out.
Exhaustibility,Capability of being exhausted.
Exhaustible,Capable of being exhausted  drained off or expended.
Exhaustment,Exhaustion; drain.
Exhausture,Exhaustion.
Exhedra,See Exedra.
Exheredate,To disinherit.
Exheredation,A disinheriting; disherisor.
Exhereditation,A disinheriting; disherison.
Exhibited,of Exhibit
Exhibiting,of Exhibit
Exhibiter,One who exhibits; one who presents a petition  charge or bill.
Exhibitioner,One who has a pension or allowance granted for support.
Exhibitive,Serving for exhibition; representative; exhibitory.
Exhibitor,One who exhibits.
Exhibitory,Exhibiting; publicly showing.
Exhilarant,Exciting joy  mirth or pleasure.
Exhilarated,of Exhilarate
Exilarating,of Exhilarate
Exhilarating,That exhilarates; cheering; gladdening.
Exhorted,of Exhort
Exhorting,of Exhort
Exhortative,Serving to exhort; exhortatory; hortative.
Exhortatory,Of or pertaining to exhortation; hortatory.
Exhorter,One who exhorts or incites.
Exhumated,Disinterred.
Exhumed,of Exhume
Exhuming,of Exhume
Exiccate,See Exsiccate.
Exiccation,See Exsiccation.
Exigence,Exigency.
Exigencies,of Exigency
Exigendary,See Exigenter.
Exigible,That may be exacted; repairable.
Exiguity,Scantiness; smallness; thinness.
Exiguous,Scanty; small; slender; diminutive.
Exiled,of Exile
Exiling,of Exile
Exilement,Banishment.
Exilition,A sudden springing or leaping out.
Exility,Smallness; meagerness; slenderness; fineness  thinness.
Eximious,Select; choice; hence  extraordinary excellent.
Exinanite,To make empty; to render of no effect; to humble.
Exinanition,An emptying; an enfeebling; exhaustion; humiliation.
Existed,of Exist
Existing,of Exist
Existency,Existence.
Existential,Having existence.
Exister,One who exists.
Existible,Capable of existence.
Existimation,Esteem; opinion; reputation.
Exit,He (or she ) goes out  or retires from view; as exit Macbeth.
Exitial,Alt. of Exitious
Exitious,Destructive; fatal.
Exocardiac,Alt. of Exocardial
Exocetus,Alt. of Exocoetus
Exoculate,To deprive of eyes.
Exogium,See Exode.
Exody,Exodus; withdrawal.
Ex-official,Proceeding from office or authority.
Ex officiis,of Ex officio
Exogenetic,Arising or growing from without; exogenous.
Exogyra,A genus of Cretaceous fossil shells allied to oysters.
Exolete,Obsolete; out of use; state; insipid.
Exolution,See Exsolution.
Exolve,To loose; to pay.
Exon,A native or inhabitant of Exeter  in England.
Exonerated,of Exonerate
Exonerating,of Exonerate
Exonerate,To unload; to disburden; to discharge.
Exonerative,Freeing from a burden or obligation; tending to exonerate.
Exonerator,One who exonerates or frees from obligation.
Exophthalmic,Of or pertaining to  or characterized by exophthalmia.
Exophthalmos,Alt. of Exophthalmus
Exophthalmus,Same as Exophthalmia.
Exophthalmy,Exophthalmia.
Exophyllous,Not sheathed in another leaf.
Exoplasm,See Ectosarc  and Ectoplasm.
Exopodite,The external branch of the appendages of Crustacea.
Exoptable,Very desirable.
Exrable,Capable of being moved by entreaty; pitiful; tender.
Exorate,To persuade  or to gain by entreaty.
Exoration,Entreaty.
Exorbitance,Alt. of Exorbitancy
Exorbitantly,In an exorbitant  excessive or irregular manner; enormously.
Exorbitate,To go out of the track; to deviate.
Exorcised,of Exorcise
Exorcising,of Exorcise
Exorciser,An exorcist.
Exorcist,One who expels evil spirits by conjuration or exorcism.
Exordial,Pertaining to the exordium of a discourse: introductory.
Exordiums,of Exordium
Exordia,of Exordium
Exorhizae,of Exorhiza
Exorhizal,Alt. of Exorhizous
Exornation,Ornament; decoration; embellishment.
Exortive,Rising; relating to the east.
Exosculate,To kiss; especially  to kiss repeatedly or fondly.
Exoskeletal,Pertaining to the exoskeleton; as exoskeletal muscles.
Exosmosis,See Exosmose.
Exosmotic,Pertaining to exosmose.
Exospore,The extreme outer wall of a spore; the epispore.
Exosstate,To deprive of bones; to take out the bones of; to bone.
Exossation,A depriving of bone or of fruit stones.
Exosse-ous,Boneless.
Exoteric,Alt. of Exoterical
Exoteries,of Exotery
Exotery,That which is obvious  public or common.
Exothecium,The outer coat of the anther.
Exotical,Foreign; not native; exotic.
Expanded,of Expand
Expanding,of Expand
Expansibility,The capacity of being expanded; as  the expansibility of air.
Expansible,Capable of being expanded or spread out widely.
Expansile,Expansible.
Expansure,Expanse.
Expatiated,of Expatiate
Expariating,of Expatiate
Expatiate,To range at large  or without restraint.
Expatiation,Act of expatiating.
Expatiatory,Expansive; diffusive.
Expatriated,of Expatriate
Expatriating,of Expatriate
Expected,of Expect
Expecting,of Expect
Expect,To wait for; to await.
Expectable,That may be expected or looked for.
Expectance,Alt. of Expectancy
Expectancy,The act of expecting ; expectation.
Expectant,Waiting in expectation; looking for
Expectative,Constituting an object of expectation; contingent.
Expectedly,In conformity with expectation.
Expecter,One who expects.
Expectingly,In a state of expectation.
Expective,Expectative.
Expectorated,of Expectorate
Expectorating,of Expectorate
Expectorative,Same as Expectorant.
Expede,To expedite; to hasten.
Expediate,To hasten; to expedite.
Expedience,Alt. of Expediency
Expediently,In an expedient manner; fitly; suitably; conveniently.
Expediment,An expedient.
Expedite,Free of impediment; unimpeded.
Expedited,of Expedite
Expediting,of Expedite
Expeditely,In expedite manner; expeditiously.
Expediteness,Quality of being expedite.
Expeditionary,Of or pertaining to an expedition; as  an expeditionary force.
Expeditionist,One who goes upon an expedition. [R].
Expeditive,Performing with speed.
Expelled,of Expel
Expelling,of Expel
Expellable,Capable of being expelled or driven out.
Expeller,One who  or that which expels.
Expended,of Expend
Expending,of Expend
Expenditure,The act of expending; a laying out  as of money; disbursement.
Expense,A spending or consuming; disbursement; expenditure.
Expensefull,Full of expense; costly; chargeable.
Expenseless,Without cost or expense.
Experience,Trial  as a test or experiment.
Experienced,of Exrerience
Experiencing,of Exrerience
Experiencer,One who experiences.
Experient,Experienced.
Experiential,Derived from  or pertaining to experience.
Experimented,of Experiment
Experinenting,of Experiment
Experimetalist,One who makes experiments; an experimenter.
Experimentalize,To make experiments (upon); to experiment.
Experimentally,By experiment; by experience or trial.
Experimentarian,Relying on experiment or experience.
Experimentation,The act of experimenting; practice by experiment.
Experimentative,Experimental; of the nature of experiment.
Experimentator,An experimenter.
Experimenter,One who makes experiments; one skilled in experiments.
Experimentist,An experimenter.
Experrection,A waking up or arousing.
Expetible,Worthy of being wished for; desirable.
Expiated,of Expiate
Expiating,of Expiate
Expiatist,An expiator.
Expiator,One who makes expiation or atonement.
Expiatorious,Of an expiatory nature; expiatory.
Expilation,The act of expilating or stripping off; plunder; pillage.
Expilator,One who pillages; a plunderer; a pillager.
Expirable,That may expire; capable of being brought to an end.
Expirant,One who expires or is expiring.
Expiration,The act of expiring
Expired,of Expire
Expiring,of Expire
Expiry,Expiration.
Expiscation,The act of expiscating; a fishing.
Expiscatory,Tending to fish out; searching out
Explained,of Explain
Explaining,of Explain
Explain,To flatten; to spread out; to unfold; to expand.
Explanate,Spreading or extending outwardly in a flat form.
Explanative,Explanatory.
Explanatoriness,The quality of being explanatory.
Explat,Alt. of Explate
Explate,To explain; to unfold.
Expletion,Accomplishment; fulfillment.
Expletively,In the manner of an expletive.
Explicableness,Quality of being explicable.
Explicate,Evolved; unfolded.
Explicated,of Explicate
Explicating,of Explicate
Explicator,One who unfolds or explains; an expounder; an explainer.
Explicatory,Explicative.
Explicitness,The quality of being explicit; clearness; directness.
Exploded,of Explode
Exploding,of Explode
Exploder,One who or that which explodes.
Exploitation,The act of exploiting or utilizing.
Exploiture,The act of exploiting or accomplishing; achievement.
Explorable,That may be explored; as  an explorable region.
Explorate,To explore.
Explorative,Exploratory.
Explorator,One who explores; one who examines closely; a searcher.
Explored,of Explore
Exploring,of Explore
Explorement,The act of exploring; exploration.
Eploring,Employed in  or designed for exploration.
Explosively,In an explosive manner.
Expoliation,See Exspoliation.
Expolish,To polish thoroughly.
Expone,To expound; to explain; also  to expose; to imperil.
Exported,of Export
Exporting,of Export
Export,To carry away; to remove.
Exportability,The quality or state of being suitable for exportation.
Exportable,Suitable for exportation; as  exportable products.
Exposal,Exposure.
Exposed,of Expose
Exposing,of Expose
Exposer,One who exposes or discloses.
Expositive,Serving to explain; expository.
Ex post facto,Alt. of Ex postfacto
Expostulated,of Expostulate
Expostulating,of Expostulate
Expostulator,One who expostulates.
Exposture,Exposure.
Expounded,of Expound
Expounding,of Expound
Expound,To lay open; to expose to view; to examine.
Expounder,One who expounds or explains; an interpreter.
Express,Exactly representing; exact.
Expressed,of Express
Expressing,of Express
Expressage,The charge for carrying a parcel by express.
Expressionless,Destitute of expression.
Expressmen,of Expressman
Expressness,The state or quality of being express; definiteness.
Expressure,The act of expressing; expression; utterance; representation.
Exprobrate,To charge upon with reproach; to upbraid.
Exprobration,Reproachful accusation; upbraiding.
Exprobrative,Alt. of Exprobratory
Exprobratory,Expressing reproach; upbraiding; reproachful.
Expugnable,Capable of being expugned.
Expugnation,The act of taking by assault; conquest.
Expugner,One who expugns.
Expulse,To drive out; to expel.
Expulser,An expeller.
Expulsive,Having the power of driving out or away; serving to expel.
Expunged,of Expunge
Expunging,of Expunge
Expurgated,of Expurgate
Expurgating,of Expurgate
Expurgator,One who expurgates or purifies.
Expurgatorial,Tending or serving to expurgate; expurgatory.
Expurgatorious,Expurgatory.
Expurge,To purge away.
Exquire,To search into or out.
Exquisitely,In an exquisite manner or degree; as  lace exquisitely wrought.
Exquisiteness,Quality of being exquisite.
Exquisitive,Eager to discover or learn; curious.
Exsanguine,Bloodless.
Exsanguineous,Destitute of blood; anaemic; exsanguious.
Exsanguinity,Privation or destitution of blood; -- opposed to plethora.
Exsanguinous,See Exsanguious.
Exsanguious,Destitute of blood.
Exscinded,of Exscind
Exscinding,of Exscind
Exscind,To cut off; to separate or expel from union; to extirpate.
Exscribe,To copy; to transcribe.
Exscript,A copy; a transcript.
Exscriptural,Not in accordance with the doctrines of Scripture; unscriptural.
Exsect,A cutting out or away.
Exsert,Alt. of Exserted
Exsertile,Capable of being thrust out or protruded.
Exsiccant,Having the quality of drying up; causing a drying up.
Exsiccated,of Exsiccate
Exsiccating,of Exsiccate
Exsiccate,To exhaust or evaporate moisture from; to dry up.
Exsiccative,Tending to make dry; having the power of drying.
Exsiliency,A leaping out.
Exsolution,Relaxation.
Exspoliation,Spoliation.
Exspuition,A discharge of saliva by spitting.
Exsputory,Spit out  or as if spit out.
Exstipulate,Having no stipules.
Exsuccous,Destitute of juice; dry; sapless. Latham.
Exsuction,The act of sucking out.
Exsudation,Exudation.
Exsufflate,To exorcise or renounce by blowing.
Exsufflation,A blast from beneath.
Exsufflicate,Empty; frivolous.
Exsuscitate,To rouse; to excite.
Exsuscitation,A stirring up; a rousing.
Extacy,See Ecstasy.
Extance,Outward existence.
Extancy,The state of rising above others; a projection.
Extant,Standing out or above any surface; protruded.
Extasy,See Ecstasy  n. & v. t.
Extatic,See Ecstatic  a.
Extemporal,Extemporaneous; unpremeditated.
Extemporanean,Extemporaneous.
Extemporarily,Extemporaneously.
Extemporary,Extemporaneous.
Extemporiness,The quality of being done or devised extempore
Extemporization,The act of extemporizing; the act of doing anything extempore.
Extemporized,of Extemporize
Extemporizing,of Extemporize
Extemporizer,One who extemporizes.
Extended,of Extend
Extending,of Extend
Extendant,Displaced.
Extendedly,In an extended manner.
Extender,One who  or that which extends or stretches anything.
Extendlessness,Unlimited extension.
Extense,Outreaching; expansive; extended  superficially or otherwise.
Extensibleness,Extensibility.
Extensile,Suited for  or capable of extension; extensible.
Extensional,Having great extent.
Extensionist,One who favors or advocates extension.
Extensure,Extension.
Extent,Extended.
Extenuated,of Extenuate
Extenuating,of Extenuate
Extenuator,One who extenuates.
Extenuatory,Tending to extenuate or palliate.
Exteriority,Surface; superficies; externality.
Exteriorly,Outwardly; externally; on the exterior.
Exterminated,of Exterminate
Exterminating,of Exterminate
Exterminate,To drive out or away; to expel.
Exterminator,One who  or that which exterminates.
Exterminatory,Of or pertaining to extermination; tending to exterminate.
Extermine,To exterminate; to destroy.
Extern,External; outward; not inherent.
Externalistic,Pertaining to externalism
Externality,State of being external; exteriority
Externalize,To make external; to manifest by outward form.
Exterraneous,Foreign; belonging to  or coming from abroad.
Exterritoriality,The state of being beyond the limits of a country.
Extersion,The act of wiping or rubbing out.
Extilled,of Extill
Extilling,of Extill
Extill,To drop or distill.
Extillation,Distillation.
Extimulate,To stimulate.
Extimulation,Stimulation.
Extine,The outer membrane of the grains of pollen of flowering plants.
Extinguished,of Extinguish
Extinguishing,of Extinguish
Extinguishable,Capable of being quenched  destroyed or suppressed.
Extirp,To extirpate.
Extirpated,of Extirpate
Extirpating,of Extirpate
Extirpative,Capable of rooting out  or tending to root out.
Extirpator,One who extirpates or roots out; a destroyer.
Extirpatory,Extirpative.
Extirper,Extirpator.
Extispicious,Relating to the inspection of entrails for prognostication.
Extogenous,Exogenous.
Extolled,of Extol
Extolling,of Extol
Extol,To place on high; to lift up; to elevate.
Extoller,One who extols; one who praises.
Extolment,Praise.
Extorsive,Serving or tending to extort.
Extorted,of Extort
Extorting,of Extort
Extorter,One who practices extortion.
Extortionary,Extortionate.
Extortionate,Characterized by extortion; oppressive; hard.
Extortioner,One who practices extortion.
Extortious,Extortionate.
Extras,of Extra
Extraarticular,Situated outside of a joint.
Extraaxillar,Alt. of Extraaxillary
Extraaxillary,Growing outside of the axils; as  an extra-axillary bud.
Extracted,of Extract
Extracting,of Extract
Extractable,Alt. of Extractible
Extractible,Capable of being extracted.
Extractiform,Having the form  appearance or nature of an extract.
Extractive,Capable of being extracted.
Extractor,One who  or that which extracts
Extradictionary,Consisting not in words  but in realities.
Extraditable,Subject  or liable to extradition as a fugitive from justice.
Extradited,of Extradite
Extraditing,of Extradite
Extradotal,Forming no part of the dowry; as  extradotal property.
Extraforaneous,Pertaining to that which is out of doors.
Extrageneous,Belonging to another race or kind.
Extralimitary,Being beyond the limit or bounds; as  extraliminary land.
Extralogical,Lying outside of the domain of logic.
Extramission,A sending out; emission.
Extramundane,Beyond the material world.
Extramural,Outside of the walls  as of a fortified or walled city.
Extraneity,State of being without or beyond a thing; foreignness.
Extra-official,Not prescribed by official duty.
Extraordinarily,In an extraordinary manner or degree.
Extraordinariness,The quality of being extraordinary.
Extraordinaries,of Extraordinary
Extraparochial,Beyond the limits of a parish.
Extraphysical,Not subject to physical laws or methods.
Extraprovincial,Not within of pertaining to the same province or jurisdiction.
Extraregular,Not comprehended within a rule or rules.
Extraterritoriality,The state of being beyond the limits of a particular territory
Extratropical,Beyond or outside of the tropics.
Extraught,Extracted; descended.
Extra-uterine,Outside of the uterus  or womb.
Extravagancies,of Extravagancy
Extravagancy,Extravagance.
Extravagant,Wandering beyond one's bounds; roving; hence  foreign.
Extravagantly,In an extravagant manner; wildly; excessively; profusely.
Extravagate,To rove.
Extravagation,A wandering beyond limits; excess.
Extravasated,of Extravasate
Extravasating,of Extravasate
Extravasate,To force or let out of the proper vessels or arteries  as blood.
Extravenate,Let out of the veins.
Extreat,Extraction.
Extremeless,Having no extremes; infinite.
Extremities,of Extremity
Extricable,Capable of being extricated.
Extricated,of Extricate
Extricating,of Extricate
Extrinsical,Extrinsic.
Extrinsicality,Alt. of Extrinsicalness
Extrinsicalness,The state or quality of being extrinsic.
Extroitive,Seeking or going out after external objects.
Extrorsal,Extrorse.
Extruct,To construct.
Extruction,A building up; construction.
Extructive,Constructive.
Extructor,A builder.
Extruded,of Extrude
Extruding,of Extrude
Extrusion,The act of thrusting or pushing out; a driving out; expulsion.
Extuberance,A swelling or rising; protuberance.
Extuberancy,Extuberance.
Extuberant,Swollen out; protuberant.
Extuberate,To swell out.
Extuberation,Protuberance.
Extumescence,A swelling or rising.
Exuberancy,Exuberance.
Exuberate,To abound; to be in great abundance.
Exuccous,See Exsuccous.
Exudate,To exude.
Exuded,of Exude
exuding,of Exude
Exulcerate,To ulcerate.
Exulceration,Ulceration.
Exulcerative,Tending to cause ulcers; exulceratory.
Exulceratory,Having a tendency to form ulcers; rendering ulcerous.
Exulted,of Exult
Exulting,of Exult
Exultance,Alt. of Exultancy
Exultancy,Exultation.
Exundate,To overflow; to inundate.
Exundation,An overflow  or overflowing abundance.
Exungulated,of Exungulate
Exungulating,of Exungulate
Exungulate,To pare off  as nails the hoof etc.
Exuperable,Surmountable; superable.
Exuperance,Superiority; superfluity.
Exuperant,Surpassing; exceeding; surmounting.
Exuperate,To excel; to surmount.
Exuperation,The act of rising or coming into view.
Exurgent,Arising; coming to light.
Exuscitate,See Exsuscitate
Exustion,The act or operation of burning up.
Exutory,An issue.
Exuvia,n. sing. of Exuviae.
Exuviability,Capability of shedding the skin periodically.
Exuviable,Capable of being cast off in the form of exuviae.
Exuvial,Of or pertaining to exuviae.
Exuviated,of Exuviate
Exuviating,of Exuviate
Ex-votos,of Ex-voto
Ex-voto,An offering to a church in fulfillment of a vow.
Ey,An island.
Eyren,of Ey
Eyasmusket,An unfledged or young male sparrow hawk.
Eye,A brood; as  an eye of pheasants.
Eyed,of Eye
Eying / Eyeing,of Eye
Eyeball,The ball or globe of the eye.
Eyebar,A bar with an eye at one or both ends.
Eyebeam,A glance of the eye.
Eyebolt,A bolt which a looped head  or an opening in the head.
Eyebrow,The brow or hairy arch above the eye.
Eyedrop,A tear.
Eyeflap,A blinder on a horse's bridle.
Eyeful,Filling or satisfying the eye; visible; remarkable.
Eyeglance,A glance of eye.
Eyelash,The fringe of hair that edges the eyelid; -- usually in the pl.
Eyeless,Without eyes; blind.
Eyen,Eyes.
Eyer,One who eyes another.
Eyereach,The range or reach of the eye; eyeshot.
Eye-saint,An object of interest to the eye; one worshiped with the eyes.
Eyesalve,Ointment for the eye.
Eyeservant,A servant who attends faithfully to his duty only when watched.
Eyesight,Sight of the eye; the sense of seeing; view; observation.
Eyesore,Something offensive to the eye or sight; a blemish.
Eye-spotted,Marked with spots like eyes.
Eyestring,The tendon by which the eye is moved.
Eyet,An island. See Eyot.
Eyeteeth,of Eyetooth
Eyetooth,A canine tooth of the upper jaw.
Eyewash,See Eyewater.
Eyewater,A wash or lotion for application to the eyes.
Eyewink,A wink; a token.
Eyewinker,An eyelash.
Eyewitness,One who sees a thing done; one who has ocular view of anything.
Eyghen,Eyes.
Eyght,An island. See Eyot.
Eyle,To ail.
Eyliad,See /iliad.
Eyne,Alt. of Eyen
Eyot,A little island in a river or lake. See Ait.
Eyr,Air.
Eyries,of Eyry
Eyrie,Alt. of Eyry
Eysell,Same as Eisel.
Fabaceous,Having the nature of a bean; like a bean.
Fabellae,of Fabella
Fabled,of Fable
Fabling,of Fable
Fabliaux,of Fabliau
Fabricked,of Fabric
Fabricking,of Fabric
Fabricant,One who fabricates; a manufacturer.
Fabricated,of Fabricate
Fabricating,of Fabricate
Fabricator,One who fabricates; one who constructs or makes.
Fabricatress,A woman who fabricates.
Fabulist,One who invents or writes fables.
Fabulized,of Fabulize
Fabulizing,of Fabulize
Fabulize,To invent  compose or relate fables or fictions.
Fabulosity,Fabulousness.
Faburden,A species of counterpoint with a drone bass.
Faced,of Face
Facing,of Face
Faceted,of Facet
Faceting,of Facet
Facete,Facetious; witty; humorous.
Facette,See Facet  n.
Facia,See Fascia.
Faciend,The multiplicand. See Facient  2.
Facient,One who does anything  good or bad; a doer; an agent.
Facies,The anterior part of the head; the face.
Facilitated,of Facilitate
Facilitating,of Facilitate
Facilitation,The act of facilitating or making easy.
Facilities,of Facility
Facingly,In a facing manner or position.
Facinorous,Atrociously wicked.
Facound,Speech; eloquence.
Facsimiles,of Facsimile
Fact,A doing  making or preparing.
Factionary,Belonging to a faction; being a partisan; taking sides.
Factioner,One of a faction.
Factionist,One who promotes faction.
Factitive,Causing; causative.
Factive,Making; having power to make.
Facto,In fact; by the act or fact.
Factored,of Factor
Factoring,of Factor
Factoress,A factor who is a woman.
Factorial,Of or pertaining to a factory.
Factorized,of Factorize
Factorizing,of Factorize
Factorship,The business of a factor.
Factories,of Factory
Factotums,of Factotum
Factotum,A person employed to do all kinds of work or business.
Factual,Relating to  or containing facts.
Facta,of Factum
Factum,A man's own act and deed
Facular,Of or pertaining to the faculae.
Faculties,of Faculty
Facund,Eloquent.
Facundious,Eloquement; full of words.
Facundity,Eloquence; readiness of speech.
Fad,A hobby ; freak; whim.
Faddle,To trifle; to toy.
Fade,Weak; insipid; tasteless; commonplace.
Faded,of Fade
Fading,of Fade
Fadedly,In a faded manner.
Fadeless,Not liable to fade; unfading.
Fader,Father.
Fadge,To fit; to suit; to agree.
Fadme,A fathom.
Fady,Faded.
Faecal,See Fecal.
Faecula,See Fecula.
Faery,Fairy.
Faffle,To stammer.
Fag,A knot or coarse part in cloth.
Fagged,of Fag
Fagging,of Fag
Fagoted,of Fagot
Fagoting,of Fagot
Fahlband,A stratum in crystalline rock  containing metallic sulphides.
Fahlerz,Alt. of Fahlband
Fahlunite,A hydration of iolite.
Faience,Glazed earthenware; esp.  that which is decorated in color.
Failed,of Fail
Failing,of Fail
Failance,Fault; failure; omission.
Faille,A soft silk  heavier than a foulard and not glossy.
Fain,Well-pleased; glad; apt; wont; fond; inclined.
Faineant,Doing nothing; shiftless.
Fainted,of Faint
Fainting,of Faint
Faintish,Slightly faint; somewhat faint.
Faintling,Timorous; feeble-minded.
Faintly,In a faint  weak or timidmanner.
Fainty,Feeble; languid.
Fair-haired,Having fair or light-colored hair.
Fairhood,Fairness; beauty.
Fairily,In the manner of a fairy.
Fairing,A present; originally  one given or purchased at a fair.
Fairish,Tolerably fair.
Fair-minded,Unprejudiced; just; judicial; honest.
Fair-natured,Well-disposed.
Fair-world,State of prosperity.
Fairies,of Fairy
Fairy,Enchantment; illusion.
Fairyland,The imaginary land or abode of fairies.
Faithed,Having faith or a faith; honest; sincere.
Faithless,Not believing; not giving credit.
Faitour,A doer or actor; particularly  an evil doer; a scoundrel.
Fakir,An Oriental religious ascetic or begging monk.
Falcate,Alt. of Falcated
Falcation,The state of being falcate; a bend in the form of a sickle.
Falcer,One of the mandibles of a spider.
Falcidian,Of or pertaining to Publius Falcidius  a Roman tribune.
Falconet,One of the smaller cannon used in the 15th century and later.
Falcongentil,The female or young of the goshawk (Astur palumbarius).
Falconine,Like a falcon or hawk; belonging to the Falconidae
Falcula,A curved and sharp-pointed claw.
Falculate,Curved and sharppointed  like a falcula or claw of a falcon.
Falding,A frieze or rough-napped cloth.
Faldistory,The throne or seat of a bishop within the chancel.
Falernian,Of or pertaining to Mount Falernus  in Italy; as Falernianwine.
Falk,The razorbill.
Fell,of Fall
Fallen,of Fall
Falling,of Fall
Fallacies,of Fallacy
Fallals,Gay ornaments; frippery; gewgaws.
Fallax,Cavillation; a caviling.
Fallency,An exception.
Faller,One who  or that which falls.
Fallibly,In a fallible manner.
Fallow,Pale red or pale yellow; as  a fallow deer or greyhound.
Fallowed,of Fallow
Fallowing,of Fallow
Fallowist,One who favors the practice of fallowing land.
Falsary,A falsifier of evidence.
False-faced,Hypocritical.
False-heart,False-hearted.
Falser,A deceiver.
Falsettos,of Falsetto
Falsicrimen,The crime of falsifying.
Falsifiable,Capable of being falsified  counterfeited or corrupted.
Falsificator,A falsifier.
Falsified,of Falsify
Falsifying,of Falsify
Falsify,To make false; to represent falsely.
Falsities,of Falsity
Falter,To thrash in the chaff; also  to cleanse or sift as barley.
Faltered,of Falter
Faltering,of Falter
Falwe,Fallow.
Famble,To stammer.
Fame,Public report or rumor.
Famed,of Fame
Faming,of Fame
Fameless,Without fame or renown.
Familiar,Of or pertaining to a family; domestic.
Familiarities,of Familiarity
Familiarized,of Familiarize
Familiarizing,of Familiarize
Familiarly,In a familiar manner.
Familiarness,Familiarity.
Familiary,Of or pertaining to a family or household; domestic.
Familism,The tenets of the Familists.
Familisteries,of Familistery
Familistic,Alt. of Familistical
Familistical,Pertaining to Familists.
Families,of Family
Famished,of Famish
Famishing,of Famish
Famish,To starve  kill or destroy with hunger.
Famishment,State of being famished.
Famosity,The state or quality of being famous.
Famoused,Renowned.
Famousness,The state of being famous.
Famular,Domestic; familiar.
Famulate,To serve.
Fanned,of Fan
Fanning,of Fan
Fanal,A lighthouse  or the apparatus placed in it for giving light.
Fanatical,Characteristic of  or relating to fanaticism; fanatic.
Fanaticized,of Fanaticize
Fanaticizing,of Fanaticize
Fanaticize,To cause to become a fanatic.
Fanatism,Fanaticism.
Fancied,Formed or conceived by the fancy; unreal; as  a fancied wrong.
Fancier,One who is governed by fancy.
Fanciless,Having no fancy; without ideas or imagination.
Fancies,of Fancy
Fancying,of Fancy
Fancy-free,Free from the power of love.
Fancymonger,A lovemonger; a whimsical lover.
Fancy-sick,Love-sick.
Fand,imp. of Find.
Fandangoes,of Fandango
Fane,A temple; a place consecrated to religion; a church.
Fanfaron,A bully; a hector; a swaggerer; an empty boaster.
Fanfaronade,A swaggering; vain boasting; ostentation; a bluster.
Fangleness,Quality of being fangled.
Fangless,Destitute of fangs or tusks.
Fangot,A quantity of wares  as raw silk etc. from one hundred weight.
Fanlike,Resembling a fan;
Fannel,Same as Fanon.
Fanner,One who fans.
Fantasied,Filled with fancies or imaginations.
Fantasm,Same as Phantasm.
Fantast,One whose manners or ideas are fantastic.
Fantastical,Fanciful; unreal; whimsical; capricious; fantastic.
Fantasticality,Fantastically.
Fantastically,In a fantastic manner.
Fantastic-alness,The quality of being fantastic.
Fantasticism,The quality of being fantastical; fancifulness; whimsicality.
Fantasticly,Fantastically.
Fantasticness,Fantasticalness.
Fantasticco,A fantastic.
Fantasies,of Fantasy
Fantom,See Phantom.
Fap,Fuddled.
Faquir,See Fakir.
Far,A young pig  or a litter of pigs.
Farabout,A going out of the way; a digression.
Faradism,Alt. of Faradization
Farand,See Farrand  n.
Farandams,A fabrik made of silk and wool or hair.
Farantly,Orderly; comely; respectable.
Farced,of Farce
Farcing,of Farce
Farcement,Stuffing; forcemeat.
Farcilite,Pudding stone.
Farcimen,Alt. of Farcin
Farcin,Same as Farcy.
Fard,Paint used on the face.
Fardage,See Dunnage.
Fardel,A bundle or little pack; hence  a burden.
Farding-bag,The upper stomach of a cow  or other ruminant animal; the rumen.
Fardingdale,A farthingale.
Fardingdeal,The fourth part of an acre of land.
Fared,of Fare
Faring,of Fare
Fare,To go; to pass; to journey; to travel.
Faren,p. p. of Fare  v. i.
Farfet,Farfetched.
Farfetch,To bring from far; to seek out studiously.
Farfetched,Brought from far  or from a remote place.
Farinaceous,Consisting or made of meal or flour; as  a farinaceous diet.
Farinose,Yielding farinaa; as  farinose substances.
Farl,Same as Furl.
Farlie,An unusual or unexpected thing; a wonder. See Fearly.
Farmed,of Farm
Farming,of Farm
Farmable,Capable of being farmed.
Farmer,One who farms
Farmeress,A woman who farms.
Farmership,Skill in farming.
Farmhouse,A dwelling house on a farm; a farmer's residence.
Farmost,Most distant; farthest.
Farmstead,A farm with the building upon it; a homestead on a farm.
Farmsteading,A farmstead.
Farness,The state of being far off; distance; remoteness.
Faroese,An inhabitant  or collectively inhabitants of the Faroe islands.
Far-off,Remote; as  the far-off distance. Cf. Far-off under Far adv.
Farraginous,Formed of various materials; mixed; as  a farraginous mountain.
Farrand,Manner; custom; fashion; humor.
Farreation,Same as Confarreation.
Farrier,A shoer of horses; a veterinary surgeon.
Farriery,The art of shoeing horses.
Farrow,A little of pigs.
Farrowed,of Farfow
Farrowing,of Farfow
Farfow,To bring forth (young); -- said only of swine.
Farry,A farrow.
Farseeing,Able to see to a great distance; farsighted.
Farsightedness,Quality of bbeing farsighted.
Farstretched,Streatched beyond ordinary limits.
Farther,More remote; more distant than something else.
Fartherance,See Furtherance.
Farthermore,See Furthermore.
Farthermost,Most remote; farthest.
Farthest,Most distant or remote; as  the farthest degree. See Furthest.
Fasciae,of Fascia
Fascial,Pertaining to the fasces.
Fasciate,Alt. of Fasciated
Fasciated,Bound with a fillet  sash or bandage.
Fascicular,Pertaining to a fascicle; fascicled; as  a fascicular root.
Fascicularly,In a fascicled manner.
Fasciculate,Alt. of Fasciculated
Fasciculated,Grouped in a fascicle; fascicled.
Fasciculi,of Fasciculus
Fasciculus,A little bundle; a fascicle.
Fascinated,of Fascinate
Fascinating,of Fascinate
Fascinous,Caused or acting by witchcraft.
Fasciolae,of Fasciola
Fashed,of Fash
Fashing,of Fash
Fash,To vex; to tease; to trouble.
Fashioned,of Fashion
Fashioning,of Fashion
Fashionableness,State of being fashionable.
Fashionably,In a fashionable manner.
Fashioner,One who fashions  forms ar gives shape to anything.
Fashionist,An obsequious follower of the modes and fashions.
Fashionless,Having no fashion.
Fashion-monger,One who studies the fashions; a fop; a dandy.
Fashion-mongering,Behaving like a fashion-monger.
Fassaite,A variety of pyroxene  from the valley of Fassa in the Tyrol.
Fasted,of Fast
Fasting,of Fast
Fastened,of Fasten
Fastening,of Fasten
Fastener,One who  or that which makes fast or firm.
Faster,One who abstains from food.
Fast-handed,Close-handed; close-fisted; covetous; avaricious.
Fastidiosity,Fastidiousness; squeamishness.
Fastigiate,Alt. of Fastigiated
Fastigiated,Narrowing towards the top.
Fastish,Rather fast; also  somewhat dissipated.
Fastly,Firmly; surely.
Fastuous,Proud; haughty; disdainful.
Fat,A large tub  cistern or vessel; a vat.
Fatted,of Fat
atting,of Fat
Fatalistic,Implying  or partaking of the nature of fatalism.
Fatalities,of Fatality
Fatally,In a manner proceeding from  or determined by fate.
Fatalness,Quality of being fatal.
Fatback,The menhaden.
Fat-brained,Dull of apprehension.
Fateful,Having the power of serving or accomplishing fate.
Fathered,of Father
Fathering,of Father
Fathers-in-law,of Father-in-law
Fatherless,Destitute of a living father; as  a fatherless child.
Fatherlessness,The state of being without a father.
Fatherliness,The qualities of a father; parantal kindness  care etc.
Father longlegs,See Daddy longlegs  2.
Fathership,The state of being a father; fatherhood; paternity.
Fathomed,of Fathom
Fathoming,of Fathom
Fathomable,Capable of being fathomed.
Fathomer,One who fathoms.
Fatiferous,Fate-bringing; deadly; mortal; destructive.
Fatigable,Easily tired.
Fatigate,Wearied; tired; fatigued.
Fatigation,Weariness.
Fatigued,of Fatigue
Fatiguing,of Fatigue
Fatiloquent,Prophetic; fatidical.
Fatiloquist,A fortune teller.
Fatimite,Alt. of Fatimide
Fatimide,Descended from Fatima  the daughter and only child of Mohammed.
Fatiscence,A gaping or opening; state of being chinky  or having apertures.
Fat-kidneyed,Gross; lubberly.
Fatly,Grossly; greasily.
Fatner,One who fattens. [R.] See Fattener.
Fattened,of Fatten
Fattining,of Fatten
Fattiness,State or quality of being fatty.
Fattish,Somewhat fat; inclined to fatness.
Fatuitous,Stupid; fatuous.
Fatuity,Weakness or imbecility of mind; stupidity.
Fatuous,Feeble in mind; weak; silly; stupid; foolish; fatuitous.
Fat-wited,Dull; stupid.
Fauchion,See Falchion.
Faucial,Pertaining to the fauces; pharyngeal.
Faugh,An exclamation of contempt  disgust or abhorrence.
Faulchion,See Falchion.
Faulcon,See Falcon.
Fauld,The arch over the dam of a blast furnace; the tymp arch.
Faule,A fall or falling band.
Fault,Defect; want; lack; default.
Faulted,of Fault
Faulting,of Fault
Faulter,One who commits a fault.
Faultful,Full of faults or sins.
Faultily,In a faulty manner.
Faultiness,Quality or state of being faulty.
Faunal,Relating to fauna.
Faunist,One who describes the fauna of country; a naturalist.
Fauni,of Faunus
Faunus,See Faun.
Fausen,A young eel.
Fautress,A patroness.
Fauvette,A small singing bird  as the nightingale and warblers.
Faux,See Fauces.
faux pas,A false step; a mistake or wrong measure.
Favaginous,Formed like  or resembling a honeycomb.
Favas,See Favus  n. 2.
Favel,Yellow; fal/ow; dun.
Favillous,Of or pertaining to ashes.
Favonian,Pertaining to the west wind; soft; mild; gentle.
Favored,of Favor
Favoring,of Favor
Favoredly,In a favored or a favorable manner; favorably.
Favoredness,Appearance.
Favoress,A woman who favors or gives countenance.
Favose,Honeycombed. See Faveolate.
Favosite,Like or pertaining to the genus Favosites.
Favus,A disease of the scalp  produced by a vegetable parasite.
Fawe,Fain; glad; delighted.
Fawkner,A falconer.
Fawn,A young deer; a buck or doe of the first year. See Buck.
Fawned,of Fawn
Fawning,of Fawn
Fawn-colored,Of the color of a fawn; light yellowish brown.
Fawner,One who fawns; a sycophant.
Fawningly,In a fawning manner.
Faxed,Hairy.
Fay,A fairy; an elf.
fayed,of Fay
Faying,of Fay
Fayence,See Fa/ence.
Faytour,See Faitour.
Faze,See Feeze.
Fazzolet,A handkerchief.
Feaberry,A gooseberry.
Feague,To beat or whip; to drive.
Feal,Faithful; loyal.
Fear,A variant of Fere  a mate a companion.
Feared,of Fear
Fearing,of Fear
Fearer,One who fars.
Fearful,Full of fear  apprehension or alarm; afraid; frightened.
Fearfully,In a fearful manner.
Fearfulness,The state of being fearful.
Fearless,Free from fear.
Fearnaught,A fearless person.
Fearsome,Frightful; causing fear.
Feasibilities,of Feasibility
Feasible,Capable of being done  executed or effected; practicable.
Feasted,of Feast
Feasting,of Feast
Feaster,One who fares deliciously.
Feastful,Festive; festal; joyful; sumptuous; luxurious.
Feat,An act; a deed; an exploit.
Feat-bodied,Having a feat or trim body.
Feateous,Dexterous; neat.
Feathered,of Feather
Feathering.,of Feather
Feather-brained/,Giddy; frivolous; feather-headed.
Feather-edge/,The thin  new growth around the edge of a shell of an oyster.
Feather-few/,Feverfew.
Feather-head,A frivolous or featherbrained person.
Feather-headed,Giddy; frivolous; foolish.
Feather-heeled,Light-heeled; gay; frisky; frolicsome.
Featherness,The state or condition of being feathery.
Feathering,Same as Foliation.
Featherless,Destitute of feathers.
Featherly,Like feathers.
Feather-pated,Feather-headed; frivolous.
Featly,Neatly; dexterously; nimbly.
Featness,Skill; adroitness.
Featured,Shaped; fashioned.
Featureless,Having no distinct or distinctive features.
Featurely,Having features; showing marked peculiarities; handsome.
Feazed,of Feaze
Feazing,of Feaze
Feaze,To untwist; to unravel  as the end of a rope.
Feazings,The unlaid or ragged end of a rope.
Febricitate,To have a fever.
Febriculose,Somewhat feverish.
Febrifacient,Febrific.
Febriferous,Causing fever; as  a febriferous locality.
Febrific,Producing fever.
Febrifugal,Having the quality of mitigating or curing fever.
Febrifuge,A medicine serving to mitigate or remove fever.
Februation,Purification; a sacrifice.
Fecal,relating to  or containing dregs feces or ordeure; faecal.
Fecche,To fetch.
Feces,dregs; sediment; excrement. See FAeces.
Feckless,Spiritless; weak; worthless.
Fecks,A corruption of the word faith.
FeculAe,of Fecula
Feculence,The state or quality of being feculent; muddiness; foulness.
Feculency,Feculence.
Fecund,Fruitful in children; prolific.
Fecundated,of Fecundate
Fecundating,of Fecundate
Fecundate,To make fruitful or prolific.
Fecundify,To make fruitful; to fecundate.
Fed,imp. & p. p. of Feed.
Fedary,A feodary.
Federalism,the principles of Federalists or of federal union.
Federalized,of Federalize
Federalizing,of Federalize
Federary,A partner; a confederate; an accomplice.
Federation,The act of uniting in a league; confederation.
Federative,Uniting in a league; forming a confederacy; federal.
Fedity,Turpitude; vileness.
Fee,property; possession; tenure.
Feed,of Fee
Feeing,of Fee
Feeble,Deficient in physical strength; weak; infirm; debilitated.
Feebleness,The quality or condition of being feeble; debility; infirmity.
Feebly,In a feeble manner.
Feeding,of Feed
Feejee,See Fijian.
Felt,of Feel
Feeling,of Feel
Feeler,One who  or that which feels.
Feelingly,In a feeling manner; pathetically; sympathetically.
Feere,A consort  husband or wife; a companion; a fere.
Feese,the short run before a leap.
Feet,See Foot.
Feetless,Destitute of feet; as  feetless birds.
Feeze,To turn  as a screw.
Fehling,See Fehling's solution  under Solution.
Fehmic,See Vehmic.
Feigned,of Feign
Feigning,of Feign
Feigner,One who feigns or pretends.
Feine,To feign.
Feint,Feigned; counterfeit.
Feize,See Feeze  v. t.
Felanders,See Filanders.
Feldspar,Alt. of Feldspath
Feldspathic,Alt. of Feldspathose
Feldspathose,Pertaining to  or consisting of feldspar.
Fele,Many.
Fe-licify,To make happy; to felicitate.
Felicitate,Made very happy.
Felicitated,of Felicitate
felicitating,of Felicitate
Felicities,of Felicity
Felled,of Fell
Felling,of Fell
Fellable,Fit to be felled.
Fellahin,of Fellah
Fellahs,of Fellah
Felltare,The fieldfare.
Felliflu-ous,Flowing with gall.
Fellinic,Of  relating to or derived from bile or gall; as fellinic acid.
Fellness,The quality or state of being fell or cruel; fierce barbarity.
Felloe,See Felly.
Fellon,Variant of Felon.
Fellow,A companion; a comrade; an associate; a partner; a sharer.
Fellow-creature,One of the same race or kind; one made by the same Creator.
Fellowfeel,To share through sympathy; to participate in.
Fellow-feeling,Sympathy; a like feeling.
Fellowless,Without fellow or equal; peerless.
Fellowlike,Like a companion; companionable; on equal terms; sympathetic.
Fellowly,Fellowlike.
Fellowship,The state or relation of being or associate.
Fellowshiped,of Fellowship
Fellowshiping,of Fellowship
Felly,In a fell or cruel manner; fiercely; barbarously; savagely.
Fellies,of Felly
Felos-de-se,of Felo-de-se
Felon,A person who has committed a felony.
Felonous,Wicked; felonious.
Felonwort,The bittersweet nightshade (Solanum Dulcamara). See Bittersweet.
Felonies,of Felony
To compound a felony,See under Compound  v. t.
Felsitic,relating to  composed of or containing felsite.
Felspar,Alt. of Felspath
Felspath,See Feldspar.
Felspathic,See Feldspathic.
Felstone,See Felsite.
Felted,of Felt
Felting,of Felt
Felter,To clot or mat together like felt.
Feltry,See Felt  n.
Felwort,A European herb (Swertia perennis) of the Gentian family.
Femalist,A gallant.
Femalize,To make  or to describe as female or feminine.
Feme,A woman.
Femeral,See Femerell.
Feminal,Feminine.
Feminality,Feminity.
Feminate,Feminine.
Femineity,Womanliness; femininity.
Feminine rhyme,See Female rhyme  under Female a.
Femininely,In a feminine manner.
Feminineness,The quality of being feminine; womanliness; womanishness.
Femininity,The quality or nature of the female sex; womanliness.
Feminity,Womanliness; femininity.
Feminization,The act of feminizing  or the state of being feminized.
Feminize,To make womanish or effeminate.
Feminye,The people called Amazons.
Femme,A woman. See Feme  n.
Femoral,Pertaining to the femur or thigh; as  the femoral artery.
Femora,of Femur
Femur,The thigh bone.
Fencing,; p. pr. & vb. n.) of Fence
Fenceful,Affording defense; defensive.
Fenceless,Without a fence; uninclosed; open; unguarded; defenseless.
Fenci-ble,Capable of being defended  or of making or affording defense.
Fencible,A soldier enlisted for home service only; -- usually in the pl.
Fen cricket,The mole cricket.
Fend,A fiend.
Fended,of Fend
Fending,of Fend
Fender,One who or that which defends or protects by warding off harm
Fendliche,Fiendlike.
Fenerate,To put money to usury; to lend on interest.
Feneration,The act of fenerating; interest.
Fenestrae,of Fenestra
Fenestral,Pertaining to a window or to windows.
Fenestrated,Having windows; characterized by windows.
Fenestrule,One of the openings in a fenestrated structure.
Fenianism,The principles  purposes and methods of the Fenians.
Fennish,Abounding in fens; fenny.
Fenowed,Corrupted; decayed; moldy. See Vinnewed.
Fensi-ble,Fencible.
Fen-sucked,Sucked out of marches.
Feod,A feud. See 2d Feud.
Feodal,Feudal. See Feudal.
Feodality,Feudal tenure; the feudal system. See Feudality.
Feodary,An accomplice.
Feodatory,See Feudatory.
Feoffed,of Feoff
Feoffing,of Feoff
Feoffee,The person to whom a feoffment is made; the person enfeoffed.
Feoffment,The grant of a feud or fee.
Feofor,Alt. of Feoffer
Feoffer,One who enfeoffs or grants a fee.
Fer,Far.
Feracious,Fruitful; producing abundantly.
Feracity,The state of being feracious or fruitful.
Ferde,imp. of Fare.
Ferdness,Fearfulness.
Fere,A mate or companion; -- often used of a wife.
Ferforth,Far forth.
Ferforthly,Ferforth.
Feriae,of Feria
Feria,A week day  esp. a day which is neither a festival nor a fast.
Ferial,Same as Feria.
Feriation,The act of keeping holiday; cessation from work.
Ferie,A holiday.
Ferier,compar. of Fere  fierce.
Feringee,The name given to Europeans by the Hindos.
Ferity,Wildness; savageness; fierceness.
Ferly,Singular; wonderful; extraordinary.
Fermacy,Medicine; pharmacy.
Ferm,Alt. of Ferme
Fermented,of Ferment
Fermenting,of Ferment
Fermentability,Capability of fermentation.
Fermental,Fermentative.
Fermillet,A buckle or clasp.
Fern,Long ago.
Fernery,A place for rearing ferns.
Fernticle,A freckle on the skin  resembling the seed of fern.
Ferny,Abounding in ferns.
Ferous,Wild; savage.
Ferrandine,A stuff made of silk and wool.
Ferrarese,Pertaining to Ferrara  in Italy.
Ferrary,The art of working in iron.
Ferrate,A salt of ferric acid.
Ferre,Alt. of Ferrer
Ferrer,compar. of Fer.
Ferreous,Partaking of  made of or pertaining to iron; like iron.
Ferrest,superl. of Fer.
Ferreted,of Ferret
Ferreting,of Ferret
Ferreter,One who ferrets.
Ferretto,Copper sulphide  used to color glass.
Ferriage,The price or fare to be paid for passage at a ferry.
Ferricyanate,A salt of ferricyanic acid; a ferricyanide.
Ferricyanic,Pertaining to  or derived from a ferricyanide.
Ferrier,A ferryman.
Ferriferous,Producing or yielding iron.
Ferriprussiate,A ferricyanate; a ferricyanide.
Ferriprussic,Ferricyanic.
Ferrocyanate,A salt of ferrocyanic acid; a ferrocyanide.
Ferrocyanic,Pertaining to  derived from or designating a ferrocyanide.
Ferroprussiate,A ferrocyanate; a ferocyanide.
Ferroprussic,Ferrocyanic.
Ferroso-,See Ferro-.
Ferruginated,Having the color or properties of the rust of iron.
Ferrugineous,Ferruginous.
Ferruginous,Partaking of iron; containing particles of iron.
Ferruminate,To solder or unite  as metals.
Ferrumination,The soldering ir uniting of me/ als.
Ferried,of Ferry
Ferrying,of Ferry
Ferries,of Ferry
Ferrymen,of Ferryman
Ferryman,One who maintains or attends a ferry.
Fers,Fierce.
Ferthe,Fourth.
Fertilely,In a fertile or fruitful manner.
fertileness,Fertility.
Fertilitate,To fertilize; to fecundate.
Fertilization,The act or process of rendering fertile.
Fertilized,of Fertilize
Fertilizing,of Fertilize
Ferula,A ferule.
Ferular,A ferule.
Feruled,of Ferule
Feruling,of Ferule
Fervence,Heat; fervency.
Fervent,Hot; glowing; boiling; burning; as  a fervent summer.
Fervescent,Growing hot.
Fervid,Very hot; burning; boiling.
Fervor,Heat; excessive warmth.
Fescennine,Pertaining to  or resembling the Fescennines.
Fescued,of Fescue
Fescuing,of Fescue
Fesels,See Phasel.
Fess,Alt. of Fesse
Fessitude,Weariness.
Fesswise,In the manner of fess.
Fest,The fist.
Feste,A feast.
Festal,Of or pertaining to a holiday or a feast; joyous; festive.
Festally,Joyously; festively; mirthfully.
Festennine,A fescennine.
Festered,of Fester
Festering,of Fester
Festerment,A festering.
Festeye,To feast; to entertain.
Festinate,Hasty; hurried.
Festination,Haste; hurry.
Festivities,of Festivity
Festivous,Pertaining to a feast; festive.
Festlich,Festive; fond of festive occasions.
Festooned,of Festoon
Festooning,of Festoon
Festoony,Pertaining to  consisting of or resembling festoons.
Festucine,Of a straw color; greenish yellow.
Festucous,Formed or consisting of straw.
Festue,A straw; a fescue.
Fet,A piece.
Fetation,The formation of a fetus in the womb; pregnancy.
Fetched,of Fetch
Fetching,of Fetch
Fethcer,One wo fetches or brings.
Fete,A feat.
Feted,of Fete
Feting,of Fete
Fetich,Alt. of Fetish
fetichism,Alt. of Fetishism
Fetishism,The doctrine or practice of belief in fetiches.
Fetichist,Alt. of Fetishist
Fetishist,A believer in fetiches.
Fetichistic,Alt. of Fetishistic
Fetishistic,Pertaining to  or involving fetichism.
Feticism,See Fetichism.
Fetid,Having an offensive smell; stinking.
Fetidity,Fetidness.
Fetidness,The quality or state of being fetid.
Fetiferous,Producing young  as animals.
Fetis,Neat; pretty; well made; graceful.
Fetisely,Neatly; gracefully; properly.
Fetor,A strong  offensive smell; stench; fetidness.
Fette,of Fette
fetters,of Fetter
Fetterer,One who fetters.
Fetterless,Free from fetters.
Fettle,To repair; to prepare; to put in order.
Fetuous,Neat; feat.
Fetuses,of Fetus
Fetwah,A written decision of a Turkish mufti on some point of law.
Feuar,One who holds a feu.
Feudalist,An upholder of feudalism.
Fedaliza/tion,The act of reducing to feudal tenure.
Feudalized,of Feudalize
Feudalizing,of Feudalize
Feudalize,To reduce toa feudal tenure; to conform to feudalism.
Feudally,In a feudal manner.
Feudary,Held by  or pertaining to feudal tenure.
Feudataty,See Feudatory.
Feudatories,of Feudatory
Feudist,A writer on feuds; a person versed in feudal law.
Feuillemort,Having the color of a faded leaf.
Feuilltonist,A writer of feuilletons.
feuter,To set close; to fix in rest  as a spear.
Feuterer,A dog keeper.
Fevered,of Fever
Fevering,of Fever
Feveret,A slight fever.
Feverous,Affected with fever or ague; feverish.
Feverously,Feverishly.
Feverwort,See Fever root  under Fever.
Fevery,Feverish.
Fewel,Fuel.
Fewmet,See Fumet.
Fewness,The state of being few; smallness of number; paucity.
Fey,Fated; doomed.
Feyne,To feign.
Feyre,A fair or market.
Fiacre,A kind of French hackney coach.
Fiance,To betroth; to affiance.
Fiancee,A betrothed woman.
Fiants,The dung of the fox  wolf boar or badger.
Fiascoes,of Fiasco
Fiaunt,Commission; fiat; order; decree.
Fib,A falsehood; a lie; -- used euphemistically.
Fibbed,of Fib
Fibbing,of Fib
Fibber,One who tells fibs.
Fiber,Alt. of Fibre
Fibered,Alt. of Fibred
Fibred,Having fibers; made up of fibers.
Fiber-faced,Alt. of Fibre-faced
Fiberless,Alt. of Fibreless
Fibreless,Having no fibers; destitute of fibers or fiber.
Fibriform,Having the form of a fiber or fibers; resembling a fiber.
FibrillAe,of Fibrilla
Fibrillar,Of or pertaining to fibrils or fibers; as  fibrillar twitchings.
Fibrillary,Of of pertaining to fibrils.
Fibrillated,Furnished with fibrils; fringed.
Fibrillation,The state of being reduced to fibers.
Fibrillous,Pertaining to  or composed of fibers.
Fibrination,The state of acquiring or having an excess of fibrin.
Fibrine,Belonging to the fibers of plants.
Fibrochondrosteal,Partly fibrous  partly cartilaginous and partly osseous.
Fibster,One who tells fibs.
FibulAe,of Fibula
Fibula,A brooch  clasp or buckle.
Fibu-lar,Pertaining to the fibula.
Fibularia,of Fibulare
Fice,A small dog; -- written also fise  fyce fiste etc.
Fiche,See FitchE.
Fickleness,The quality of being fickle; instability; inconsonancy.
Fickly,In a fickle manner.
Ficoes,of Fico
Fictionist,A writer of fiction.
Fictious,Fictitious.
Fictive,Feigned; counterfeit.
Fiddled,of Fiddle
Fiddling,of Fiddle
Fiddledeedee,An exclamatory word or phrase  equivalent to nonsense!
Foddle-faddle,A trifle; trifling talk; nonsense.
Fiddle-faddle,To talk nonsense.
Fiddler,One who plays on a fiddle or violin.
Fiddle-shaped,Inversely ovate  with a deep hollow on each side.
Fiddlestring,One of the catgut strings of a fiddle.
Fides,Faith personified as a goddess; the goddess of faith.
Fidge,See Fidget.
Fidgeted,of Fidget
Fodgeting,of Fidget
Fidgetiness,Quality of being fidgety.
Fidgety,Restless; uneasy.
Fidicinal,Of or pertaining to a stringed instrument.
Fiducial,Having faith or trust; confident; undoubting; firm.
Fiducially,With confidence.
Fiduciary,One who holds a thing in trust for another; a trustee.
Fie,An exclamation denoting contempt or dislike. See Fy.
Fielded,of Field
Fielding,of Field
Fielden,Consisting of fields.
Fielder,A ball payer who stands out in the field to catch or stop balls.
Fieldy,Open  like a field.
Fiendful,Full of fiendish spirit or arts.
Fiendlike,Fiendish; diabolical.
Fiendly,Fiendlike; monstrous; devilish.
Fierce,Furious; violent; unrestrained; impetuous; as  a fierce wind.
Fifed,of Fife
fifing,of Fife
Fifer,One who plays on a fife.
Fifteen,Five and ten; one more than fourteen.
Fifteenth,Next in order after the fourteenth; -- the ordinal of fifteen.
Fifth,Next in order after the fourth; -- the ordinal of five.
Fifthly,In the fifth place; as the fifth in order.
Fiftieth,Next in order after the forty-ninth; -- the ordinal of fifty.
Fifty,Five times ten; as  fifty men.
Fifties,of Fifty
Figaro,An adroit and unscrupulous intriguer.
Figary,A frolic; a vagary; a whim.
Figent,Fidgety; restless.
Figgum,A juggler's trick; conjuring.
Fought,of Fight
Fighting,of Fight
Fighter,One who fights; a combatant; a warrior.
Fightingly,Pugnaciously.
Figment,An invention; a fiction; something feigned or imagined.
Figulate,Alt. of Figulated
Figulated,Made of potter's clay; molded; shaped.
Figurability,The quality of being figurable.
Figurable,Capable of being brought to a fixed form or shape.
Figurante,A female figurant; esp.  a ballet girl.
Figurate,Of a definite form or figure.
Figurated,Having a determinate form.
Figurately,In a figurate manner.
Figure,The form of anything; shape; outline; appearance.
Figured,of Figure
Figuring,of Figure
Figurehead,The figure  statue or bust on the prow of a ship.
Figurial,Represented by figure or delineation.
Figurist,One who uses or interprets figurative expressions.
Fijian,Of or pertaining to the Fiji islands or their inhabitants.
Fike,See Fyke.
Fil,imp. of Fall  v. i. Fell.
Filaceous,Composed of threads.
Filamentary,Having the character of  or formed by a filament.
Filametoid,Like a filament.
Filamentous,Like a thread; consisting of threads or filaments.
Filander,A species of kangaroo (Macropus Brunii)  inhabiting New Guinea.
Filatory,A machine for forming threads.
Filched,of Filch
Filching,of Filch
Filcher,One who filches; a thief.
Filchingly,By pilfering or petty stealing.
File,An orderly succession; a line; a row
Filed,of File
Filing,of File
Filemot,See Feullemort.
Filer,One who works with a file.
Filially,In a filial manner.
Filiate,To adopt as son or daughter; to establish filiation between.
Filibeg,Same as Kilt.
Fillibustered,of Filibuster
Filibustering,of Filibuster
Filibusterism,The characteristics or practices of a filibuster.
Filical,Belonging to the Filices  r ferns.
Filicic,Pertaining to  or derived from ferns; as filicic acid.
Filiciform,Shaped like a fern or like the parts of a fern leaf.
Filiferous,Producing threads.
Filigrain,Alt. of Filigrane
Filigrane,Filigree.
Filigraned,See Filigreed.
Filigreed,Adorned with filigree.
Fill,One of the thills or shafts of a carriage.
Filled,of Fill
Filling,of Fill
Filler,One who  or that which fills; something used for filling.
Filleted,of Fillet
Filleting,of Fillet
Fillibeg,A kilt. See Filibeg.
Fillibuster,See Filibuster.
Filliped,of Fillip
Filliping,of Fillip
Fillipeen,See Philopena.
Fillies,of Filly
Filly,A female foal or colt; a young mare. Cf. Colt  Foal.
Filminess,State of being filmy.
Filmy,Composed of film or films.
Filoplumaceous,Having the structure of a filoplume.
Filose,Terminating in a threadlike process.
Filtered,of Filter
Filtering,of Filter
Filth,Foul matter; anything that soils or defiles; dirt; nastiness.
Filthily,In a filthy manner; foully.
Filthiness,The state of being filthy.
Filtrated,of Filtrate
Filtrating,of Filtrate
Filtrate,To filter; to defecate; as liquid  by straining or percolation.
Finble,Alt. of Fimble hemp
Fimble hemp,Light summer hemp  that bears no seed.
Fimbriae,of Fimbria
Fimbria,A fringe  or fringed border.
Fimbriated,of Fimbriate
Fimbriating,of Fimbriate
Fimbricate,Fringed; jagged; fimbriate.
Finned,of Fin
Finning,of Fin
Fin,To carve or cut up  as a chub.
Finable,Liable or subject to a fine; as  a finable person or offense.
Finale,Close; termination
Finalities,of Finality
Financial,Pertaining to finance.
Financialist,A financier.
Financially,In a dfinancial manner.
Financiered,of Financier
Financiering,of Financier
Finary,See Finery.
Finative,Conclusive; decisive; definitive; final.
Fishes,of Finch
Finchbacked,Streaked or spotted on the back; -- said of cattle.
Finched,Same as Finchbacked.
Found,of Find
Finding,of Find
Findable,Capable of beong found; discoverable.
Findfault,A censurer or caviler.
Findfaulting,Apt to censure or cavil; faultfinding; captious.
Findy,Full; heavy; firm; solid; substemtial.
Fined,of Fine
Fining,of Fine
Finedrawn,of Finedraw
Finedrawing,of Finedraw
Finedraw,To sew up  so nicely that the seam is not perceived; to renter.
Finedrawer,One who finedraws.
Fineless,Endless; boundless.
Finely,In a fine or finished manner.
Fineness,The quality or condition of being fine.
Finer,One who fines or purifies.
Finery,Fineness; beauty.
Finesse,Subtilty of contrivance to gain a point; artifice; stratagem.
Finessed,of Finesse
Finessing,of Finesse
Finestiller,One who finestills.
Finew,Moldiness.
Finfish,A finback whale.
Fin-footed,Having palmate feet.
Fingered,of Finger
Fingering,of Finger
Fingerer,One who fingers; a pilferer.
Fingerling,A young salmon. See Parr.
Fingle-fangle,A trifle.
Fingrigos,of Fingrigo
Finical,Affectedly fine; overnice; unduly particular; fastidious.
Finicality,The quality of being finical; finicalness.
Finicking,Alt. of Finicky
Finicky,Finical; unduly particular.
Finific,A limiting element or quality.
Finify,To make fine; to dress finically.
Finikin,Precise in trifles; idly busy.
Finis,An end; conclusion. It is often placed at the end of a book.
Finished,of Finish
Finishing,of Finish
Finiteless,Infinite.
Finitely,In a finite manner or degree.
Finiteness,The state of being finite.
Finitude,Limitation.
Finlander,A native or inhabitant of Finland.
Finless,destitute of fins.
Finlet,A little fin; one of the parts of a divided fin.
Finlike,Resembling a fin.
Finner,A finback whale.
Finnic,Of or pertaining to the Finns.
Finnish,Of or pertaining to Finland  to the Finns or to their language.
Finns,Natives of Finland; Finlanders.
Finny,Having  or abounding in fins as fishes; pertaining to fishes.
Finos,Second best wool from Merino sheep.
Finpike,The bichir. See Crossopterygii.
Fint,3d pers. sing. pr. of Find  for findeth.
Fipple,A stopper  as in a wind instrument of music.
Fired,of Fire
Fring,of Fire
Firebare,A beacon.
Firebird,The Baltimore oriole.
Fireboard,A chimney board or screen to close a fireplace when not in use.
Firebote,An allowance of fuel. See Bote.
Firebrand,A piece of burning wood.
Firecracker,See Cracker.  n. 3.
Firedog,A support for wood in a fireplace; an andiron.
Firedrake,A fiery dragon.
Fireflame,The European band fish (Cepola rubescens).
Fireflies,of Firefly
Fireless,Destitute of fire.
Firemen,of Fireman
Fire-new,Fresh from the forge; bright; quite new; brand-new.
Fireproof,Proof against fire; incombustible.
Firer,One who fires or sets fire to anything; an incendiary.
Fire-set,A set of fire irons  including commonly tongs shovel and poker.
Firestone,Iron pyrites  formerly used for striking fire; also a flint.
Firetail,The European redstart; -- called also fireflirt.
Firewood,Wood for fuel.
Firing,The act of disharging firearms.
Firk,To beat; to strike; to chastise.
Firmament,Fixed foundation; established basis.
Firmans,of Firman
Firmitude,Strength; stability.
Firmity,Strength; firmness; stability.
Firmless,Detached from substance.
Firmly,In a firm manner.
Firmness,The state or quality of being firm.
Firring,See Furring.
Firry,Made of fir; abounding in firs.
Firth,An arm of the sea; a frith.
Fir tree,See Fir.
Fisc,A public or state treasury.
Fiscal,Pertaining to the public treasury or revenue.
Fisetic,Pertaining to fustet or fisetin.
Fish,A counter  used in various games.
Fished,of Fish
Fishing,of Fish
Fish-block,See Fish-tackle.
Fisher,One who fishes.
Fishermen,of Fisherman
Fisherman,One whose occupation is to catch fish.
Fisheries,of Fishery
Fishery,The business or practice of catching fish; fishing.
Fishful,Abounding with fish.
Fishgig,A spear with barbed prongs used for harpooning fish.
Fishhook,A hook for catching fish.
Fishify,To change to fish.
Fishiness,The state or quality of being fishy or fishlike.
Fishmonger,A dealer in fish.
Fishskin,The skin of a fish (dog fish  shark etc.)
Fishwife,A fishwoman.
Fishwomen,of Fishwoman
Fishwoman,A woman who retails fish.
Fisk,To run about; to frisk; to whisk.
Fissilingual,Having the tongue forked.
Fissility,Quality of being fissile.
Fission,A cleaving  splitting or breaking up into parts.
Fissipara,Animals which reproduce by fission.
Fissiparism,Reproduction by spontaneous fission.
Fissiparity,Quality of being fissiparous; fissiparism.
Fissiparous,Reproducing by spontaneous fission. See Fission.
Fissipation,Reproduction by fission; fissiparism.
Fissiped,Alt. of Fissipedal
Fissipedal,Having the toes separated to the base. [See Aves.]
Fissirostres,A group of birds having the bill deeply cleft.
Fissuration,The act of dividing or opening; the state of being fissured.
Fisted,of Fist
Fisting,of Fist
Fisticuff,A cuff or blow with the fist or hand
Fistinut,A pistachio nut.
Fistuca,An instrument used by the ancients in driving piles.
Fistulae,of Fistula
Fistula,A reed; a pipe.
Fistular,Hollow and cylindrical  like a pipe or reed.
Fistularioid,Like or pertaining to the genus Fistularia.
Fistulate,To make hollow or become hollow like a fistula  or pipe.
Fistule,A fistula.
Fistuliform,Of a fistular form; tubular; pipe-shaped.
Fistulose,Formed like a fistula; hollow; reedlike.
Fistulous,Having the form or nature of a fistula; as  a fistulous ulcer.
Fit,imp. & p. p. of Fight.
Fitted,of Fit
Fitting,of Fit
Fitches,of Fitch
Fitch,A vetch.
Fitche,Sharpened to a point; pointed.
Fitched,Fitche.
Fitchet,Alt. of Fitchew
Fitchew,The European polecat (Putorius foetidus). See Polecat.
Fitchy,Having fitches or vetches.
Fitful,Full of fits; irregularly variable; impulsive and unstable.
Fithel,Alt. of Fithul
Fithul,A fiddle.
Fitment,The act of fitting; that which is proper or becoming; equipment.
Fitt,See 2d Fit.
Fittable,Suitable; fit.
Fittedness,The state or quality of being fitted; adaptation.
Fitter,One who fits or makes to fit;
Fitweed,A plant (Eryngium foetidum) supposed to be a remedy for fits.
Five,Four and one added; one more than four.
Five-finger,See Cinquefoil.
Fivefold,In fives; consisting of five in one; five repeated; quintuple.
Five-leaf,Cinquefoil; five-finger.
Five-leafed,Alt. of Five-leaved
Five-leaved,Having five leaflets  as the Virginia creeper.
Fiveling,A compound or twin crystal consisting of five individuals.
Fix,Fixed; solidified.
Fixed,of Fix
Fixing,of Fix
Fixable,Capable of being fixed.
Fixation,The act of fixing  or the state of being fixed.
Fixedly,In a fixed  stable or constant manner.
Fixedness,The state or quality of being fixed; stability; steadfastness.
Fixidity,Fixedness.
Fixity,Fixedness; as  fixity of tenure; also that which is fixed.
Fixure,Fixed position; stable condition; firmness.
Fizgig,A fishgig.
Fizzed,of Fizz
Fizzing,of Fizz
Fizz,To make a hissing sound  as a burning fuse.
Fizzled,of Fizzle
Fizzling,of Fizzle
Fizzle,To make a hissing sound.
Fjord,See Fiord.
Flabbergastation,The state of being flabbergasted.
Flabbily,In a flabby manner.
Flabbiness,Quality or state of being flabby.
Flabel,A fan.
Flabellate,Flabelliform.
Flabelliform,Having the form of a fan; fan-shaped; flabellate.
Flabile,Liable to be blown about.
Flaccidity,The state of being flaccid.
Flacker,To flutter  as a bird.
Flacket,A barrel-shaped bottle; a flagon.
Flagged,of Flag
Flagging,of Flag
Flagellated,of Flagellate
Flagellating,of Flagellate
Flagellate,To whip; to scourge; to flog.
Flagellation,A beating or flogging; a whipping; a scourging.
Flagellator,One who practices flagellation; one who whips or scourges.
Flagellums,of Flagellum
Flagella,of Flagellum
Flagginess,The condition of being flaggy; laxity; limberness.
Flaggy,Weak; flexible; limber.
Flagitate,To importune; to demand fiercely or with passion.
Flagitation,Importunity; urgent demand.
Flagmen,of Flagman
Flagman,One who makes signals with a flag.
Flagrance,Flagrancy.
Flagrancies,of Flagrancy
Flagrancy,A burning; great heat; inflammation.
Flagrant,Flaming; inflamed; glowing; burning; ardent.
Flagrantly,In a flagrant manner.
Flagrate,To burn.
Flagration,A conflagration.
Flagstaff,A staff on which a flag is hoisted.
Flagworm,A worm or grub found among flags and sedge.
Flaily,Acting like a flail.
Flain,p. p. of Flay.
Flake,A paling; a hurdle.
Flaked,of Flake
Flaking,of Flake
Flakiness,The state of being flaky.
Flammed,of Flam
Flamming,of Flam
Flambeaux,of Flambeau
Flambeaus,of Flambeau
Flamed,of Flame
Flaming,of Flame
Flame-colored,Of the color of flame; of a bright orange yellow color.
Flameless,Destitute of flame.
Flamelet,A small flame.
Flammens,of Flamen
Flamines,of Flamen
Flamineous,Pertaining to a flamen; flaminical.
Flamingly,In a flaming manner.
Flamingoes,of Flamingo
Flaminical,Pertaining to a flamen.
Flammability,The quality of being flammable; inflammability.
Flammable,Inflammable.
Flammation,The act of setting in a flame or blaze.
Flammeous,Pertaining to  consisting of or resembling flame.
Flammiferous,Producing flame.
Flammivomous,Vomiting flames  as a volcano.
Flammulated,Of a reddish color.
Flamy,Flaming; blazing; flamelike; flame-colored; composed of flame.
Flanches,of Flanch
Flanch,A flange.
Flanched,Having flanches; -- said of an escutcheon with those bearings.
Flanconade,A thrust in the side.
Flaneur,One who strolls about aimlessly; a lounger; a loafer.
Flang,A miner's two-pointed pick.
Flanged,of Flange
Flanging,of Flange
Flanked,of Flank
Flanking,of Flank
Flankered,of Flanker
Flankering,of Flanker
Flannel,A soft  nappy woolen cloth of loose texture.
Flanneled,Covered or wrapped in flannel.
Flannen,Made or consisting of flannel.
Flapped,of Flap
Flapping,of Flap
Flap-eared,Having broad  loose dependent ears.
Flap-mouthed,Having broad  hangling lips.
Flapper,One who  or that which flaps.
Flared,of Flare
Flaring,of Flare
Flare,To burn with an unsteady or waving flame; as  the candle flares.
Flare-up,A sudden burst of anger or passion; an angry dispute.
Flaringly,In a flaring manner.
Flashed,of Flash
Flashing,of Flash
Flashes,of Flash
Flasher,One who  or that which flashes.
Flashily,In a flashy manner; with empty show.
Flashiness,The quality of being flashy.
Flasket,A long  shallow basket with two handles.
Flatted,of Flat
Flatting,of Flat
Flat-footed,Having a flat foot  with little or no arch of the instep.
Flat-headed,Having a head with a flattened top; as  a flat-headed nail.
Flatiron,An iron with a flat  smooth surface for ironing clothes.
Flative,Producing wind; flatulent.
Flatlong,With the flat side downward; not edgewise.
Flatness,The quality or state of being flat.
Flatour,A flatterer.
Flattened,of Flatten
Flattening,of Flatten
Flatter,One who  or that which makes flat or flattens.
Flattered,of Flatter
Flattering,of Flatter
Flatterer,One who flatters.
Flatteringly,With flattery.
Flatteries,of Flattery
Flattish,Somewhat flat.
Flatulence,Alt. of Flatlency
Flatlency,The state or quality of being flatulent.
Flatulently,In a flatulent manner; with flatulence.
Flatuosity,Flatulence.
Flatuous,Windy; generating wind.
Flatuses,of Flatus
Flatus,of Flatus
Flaundrish,Flemish.
Flaunted,of Flaunt
Flaunting,of Flaunt
Flauntingly,In a flaunting way.
Flautist,A player on the flute; a flutist.
Flauto,A flute.
Flavescent,Turning yellow; yellowish.
Flavicomous,Having yellow hair.
Flavin,A yellow  vegetable dyestuff resembling quercitron.
Flavored,of Flavor
Flavoring,of Flavor
Flavorles,Without flavor; tasteless.
Flavorous,Imparting flavor; pleasant to the taste or smell; sapid.
Flavous,Yellow.
Flawed,of Flaw
Flawing,of Flaw
Flawless,Free from flaws.
Flawn,A sort of flat custard or pie.
Flawter,To scrape o/ pare  as a skin.
Flawy,Full of flaws or cracks; broken; defective; faulty.
Flaxseed,The seed of the flax; linseed.
Flaxweed,See Toadflax.
Flaxy,Like flax; flaxen.
Flayed,of Flay
Flaying,of Flay
Flayer,One who strips off the skin.
Flea,To flay.
Flea-bite,The bite of a flea  or the red spot caused by the bite.
Flea-bitten,Bitten by a flea; as  a flea-bitten face.
Fleagh,imp. of Fly.
Fleak,A flake; a thread or twist.
Fleamy,Bloody; clotted.
Flear,See Fleer.
Fleck,A flake; also  a lock as of wool.
Flecked,of Fleck
Flecking,of Fleck
Flecker,To fleck.
Fleckless,Without spot or blame.
Flection,The act of bending  or state of being bent.
Flectional,Capable of  or pertaining to flection or inflection.
Flector,A flexor.
Fled,imp. & p. p. of Flee.
Fledge,Feathered; furnished with feathers or wings; able to fly.
Fledged,of Fledge
Fledging,of Fledge
Fledgeling,A young bird just fledged.
Fleeing,of Flee
Fleeced,of Fleece
Fleecing,of Fleece
Fleeceless,Without a fleece.
Fleecy,Covered with  made of or resembling a fleece.
Fleen,Obs. pl. of Flea.
Fleer,One who flees.
Fleered,of Fleer
Fleering,of Fleer
Fleerer,One who fleers.
Fleeringly,In a fleering manner.
Fleeted,of Fleet
Fleeting,of Fleet
Fleet,To sail; to float.
Fleeten,Fleeted or skimmed milk.
Fleet-foot,Swift of foot.
Fleetingly,In a fleeting manner; swiftly.
Fleetings,A mixture of buttermilk and boiling whey; curds.
Fleetly,In a fleet manner; rapidly.
Fleigh,imp. of Fly.
Fleme,To banish; to drive out; to expel.
Flemer,One who  or that which banishes or expels.
Fleming,A native or inhabitant of Flanders.
Flemish,Pertaining to Flanders  or the Flemings.
Flench,Same as Flence.
Flense,To strip the blubber or skin from  as from a whale seal etc.
Fleshed,of Flesh
Fleshing,of Flesh
Flesher,A butcher.
Fleshhood,The state or condition of having a form of flesh; incarnation.
Fleshiness,The state of being fleshy; plumpness; corpulence; grossness.
Fleshings,Flesh-colored tights  worn by actors dancers.
Fleshless,Destitute of flesh; lean.
Fleshliness,The state of being fleshly; carnal passions and appetites.
Fleshly,Of or pertaining to the flesh; corporeal.
Fleshmonger,One who deals in flesh; hence  a pimp; a procurer; a pander.
Fleshpot,A pot or vessel in which flesh is cooked
Fleshquake,A quaking or trembling of the flesh; a quiver.
Fleshy,Full of  or composed of flesh; plump; corpulent; fat; gross.
Flet,Skimmed.
Fletched,of Fletch
Fletching,of Fletch
Fletch,To feather  as an arrow.
Flete,To float; to swim.
Fletiferous,Producing tears.
Fleurs-de-lis,of Fleur-de-lis
Fleur-de-lis,The iris. See Flower-de-luce.
Flew,imp. of Fly.
Flewed,Having large flews.
Flexed,of Flex
Flexing,of Flex
Flex,To bend; as  to flex the arm.
Flexanimous,Having power to change the mind.
Flexicostate,Having bent or curved ribs.
Flexile,Flexible; pliant; pliable; easily bent; plastic; tractable.
Flexion,The act of flexing or bending; a turning.
Flexuose,Flexuous.
Flexuous,Having turns  windings or flexures.
Flibbergib,A sycophant.
Flibbertigibbet,An imp.
Flibustier,A buccaneer; an American pirate. See Flibuster.
Flicked,of Flick
Flicking,of Flick
Flickered,of Flicker
Flickering,of Flicker
Flicker,To flutter; to flap the wings without flying.
Flickeringly,In a flickering manner.
Flickermouse,See Flittermouse.
Flidge,Fledged; fledge.
Flier,One who flies or flees; a runaway; a fugitive.
Flighted,Taking flight; flying; -- used in composition.
Flightily,In a flighty manner.
Flightiness,The state or quality of being flighty.
Flighty,Fleeting; swift; transient.
Flimflam,A freak; a trick; a lie.
Flimsily,In a flimsy manner.
Flimsiness,The state or quality of being flimsy.
Flinched,of Flinch
Flinching,of Flinch
Flincher,One who flinches or fails.
Flinchingly,In a flinching manner.
Flindermouse,A bat; a flittermouse.
Flinders,Small pieces or splinters; fragments.
Flung,of Fling
Flinging,of Fling
Flingdust,One who kicks up the dust; a streetwalker; a low manner.
Flinger,One who flings; one who jeers.
Flint-hearted,Hard-hearted.
Flintiness,The state or quality of being flinty; hardness; cruelty.
Flip,A mixture of beer  spirit etc. stirred and heated by a hot iron.
Flipped,of Flip
Flipping,of Flip
Flip-flap,The repeated stroke of something long and loose.
Flippancy,The state or quality of being flippant.
Flippantly,In a flippant manner.
Flippantness,State or quality of being flippant.
Flirted,of Flirt
Flirting,of Flirt
Flirtation,Playing at courtship; coquetry.
Flirt-gill,A woman of light behavior; a gill-flirt.
Flirtigig,A wanton  pert girl.
Flirtingly,In a flirting manner.
Flisk,To frisk; to skip; to caper.
Flitted,of Flit
Flitting,of Flit
Flitches,of Flitch
Flitch,The side of a hog salted and cured; a side of bacon.
Flite,To scold; to quarrel.
Flitter,To flutter.
Flittern,A term applied to the bark obtained from young oak trees.
Flittiness,Unsteadiness; levity; lightness.
Flittingly,In a flitting manner.
Flitty,Unstable; fluttering.
Flix,Down; fur.
Flon,of Flo
Flo,An arrow.
Floated,of Float
Floating,of Float
Floatable,That may be floated.
Floatage,Same as Flotage.
Floatation,See Flotation.
Floater,One who floats or swims.
Floatingly,In a floating manner.
Floaty,Swimming on the surface; buoyant; light.
Floccose,Spotted with small tufts like wool.
Floccular,Of or pertaining to the flocculus.
Flocculated,of Flocculate
Flocculating,of Flocculate
Flocculate,To aggregate into small lumps.
Flocculence,The state of being flocculent.
Flocculent,Clothed with small flocks or flakes; woolly.
Flocculi,of Flocculus
Flocci,of Floccus
Floccus,The tuft of hair terminating the tail of mammals.
Flocked,of Flock
Flocking,of Flock
Flockling,A lamb.
Flockly,In flocks; in crowds.
Flockmel,In a flock; in a body.
Flocky,Abounding with flocks; floccose.
Floe,A low  flat mass of floating ice.
Flogged,of Flog
Flogging,of Flog
Flogger,One who flogs.
Flong,imp. & p. p. of Fling.
Flooded,of Flood
Flooding,of Flood
Floodage,Inundation.
Flooder,One who floods anything.
Flook,A fluke of an anchor.
Flookan,Alt. of Flukan
Flukan,See Flucan.
Flooky,Fluky.
Floored,of Floor
Flooring,of Floor
Floorage,Floor space.
Floorheads,The upper extermities of the floor of a vessel.
Floorless,Having no floor.
Flopped,of Flop
Flopping,of Flop
Floppy,Having a tendency to flop or flap; as  a floppy hat brim.
Flopwing,The lapwing.
Flora,The goddess of flowers and spring.
Florally,In a floral manner.
Floramour,The plant love-lies-bleeding.
Floren,A cerain gold coin; a Florence.
Florentine,Belonging or relating to Florence  in Italy.
Florescence,A bursting into flower; a blossoming.
Florescent,Expanding into flowers; blossoming.
Floriage,Bloom; blossom.
Floricomous,Having the head adorned with flowers.
Floricultural,Pertaining to the cultivation of flowering plants.
Floriculture,The cultivation of flowering plants.
Floriculturist,One skilled in the cultivation of flowers; a florist.
Florid,Covered with flowers; abounding in flowers; flowery.
Floridity,The quality of being florid; floridness.
Floridly,In a florid manner.
Floridness,The quality of being florid.
Floriferous,Producing flowers.
Florification,The act  process or time of flowering; florescence.
Floriform,Having the form of a flower; flower-shaped.
Florilege,The act of gathering flowers.
Florimer,See Floramour.
Florist,A cultivator of  or dealer in flowers.
Floroon,A border worked with flowers.
Florulent,Flowery; blossoming.
Floscular,Flosculous.
Floscule,A floret.
Flosculous,Consisting of many gamopetalous florets.
Flossification,A flowering; florification.
Flossy,Pertaining to  made of or resembling floss; hence light; downy.
Flotage,The state of floating.
Flotation,The act  process or state of floating.
Flote,To fleet; to skim.
Flotery,Wavy; flowing.
Flotilla,A little fleet  or a fleet of small vessels.
Flotsam,Alt. of Flotson
Flotten,Skimmed.
Flounced,of Flounce
Flouncing,of Flounce
Flounder,A flatfish of the family Pleuronectidae  of many species.
Floundered,of Flounder
Floundering,of Flounder
Floured,of Flour
Flouring,of Flour
Flourished,of Flourish
Flourishing,of Flourish
Flourishes,of Flourish
Flourisher,One who flourishes.
Flourishingly,In a flourishing manner; ostentatiously.
Floury,Of or resembling flour; mealy; covered with flour.
Flouted,of Flout
Flouting,of Flout
Flout,To mock or insult; to treat with contempt.
Flouter,One who flouts; a mocker.
Floutingly,With flouting; insultingly; as  to treat a lover floutingly.
Flow,imp. sing. of Fly  v. i.
Flowed,of Flow
Flowing,of Flow
Flowage,An overflowing with water; also  the water which thus overflows.
Flowen,imp. pl. of Fly  v. i.
Flowered,of Flower
Flowering,of Flower
Flowerage,State of flowers; flowers  collectively or in general.
Flowerer,A plant which flowers or blossoms.
Floweret,A small flower; a floret.
Flowerful,Abounding with flowers.
Flower-gentle,A species of amaranth (Amarantus melancholicus).
Floweriness,The state of being flowery.
Flowerless,Having no flowers.
Flowerlessness,State of being without flowers.
Flowery,Full of flowers; abounding with blossoms.
Flowery-kirtled,Dressed with garlands of flowers.
Flowingly,In a flowing manner.
Flowingness,Flowing tendency or quality; fluency.
Flowk,See 1st Fluke.
Floxed silk,See Floss silk  under Floss.
Floyte,A variant of Flute.
Fluate,A fluoride.
Flucan,Soft clayey matter in the vein  or surrounding it.
Fluctiferous,Tending to produce waves.
Fluctisonous,Sounding like waves.
Fluctuability,The capacity or ability to fluctuate.
Fluctuant,Moving like a wave; wavering
Fluctuated,of Fluctuate
Fluctuating,of Fluctuate
Fluence,Fluency.
Fluent,Flowing or capable of flowing; liquid; glodding; easily moving.
Fluently,In a fluent manner.
Fluentness,The quality of being fluent.
Fluey,Downy; fluffy.
Fluff,Nap or down; flue; soft  downy feathers.
Fluffy,Pertaining to  or resembling fluff or nap; soft and downy.
Flugel,A grand piano or a harpsichord  both being wing-shaped.
Flugelman,Same as Fugleman.
Fluidal,Pertaining to a fluid  or to its flowing motion.
Fluidized,of Fluidize
Fluidizing,of Fluidize
Fluidize,To render fluid.
Fluidness,The state of being flluid; fluidity.
Fluidounce,See Fluid ounce  under Fluid.
Fluidrachm,See Fluid dram  under Fluid.
Fluke,The European flounder. See Flounder.
Flukeworm,Same as 1st Fluke  2.
Fluky,Formed like  or having a fluke.
Fluminous,Pertaining to rivers; abounding in streama.
Flunked,of Flunk
Flunking,of Flunk
Flunkies,of Flunky
Flunky,A contemptuous name for a liveried servant or a footman.
Flunkydom,The place or region of flunkies.
Fluoborate,A salt of fluoboric acid; a fluoboride.
Fluoboric,Pertaining to  derived from or consisting of fluorine and boron.
Fluoboride,See Borofluoride.
Fluocerine,Alt. of Fluocerite
Fluohydric,See Hydrofluoric.
Fluophosphate,A double salt of fluoric and phosphoric acids.
Fluor,A fluid state.
Fluor albus,The whites; leucorrhaea.
Fluorated,Combined with fluorine; subjected to the action of fluoride.
Fluorescent,Having the property of fluorescence.
Fluoric,Pertaining to  obtained from or containing fluorine.
Fluoride,A binary compound of fluorine with another element or radical.
Fluoroscope,An instrument for observing or exhibiting fluorescence.
Fluorous,Pertaining to fluor.
Fluor spar,See Fluorite.
Fluosilicic,Composed of  or derived from silicon and fluorine.
Flurried,Agitated; excited.
Flurries,of Flurry
Flurrying,of Flurry
Flurt,A flirt.
Flushed,of Flush
Flushing,of Flush
Flushboard,Same as Flashboard.
Flushingly,In a flushing manner.
Flushness,The state of being flush; abundance.
Flustered,of Fluster
Flustering,of Fluster
Flusteration,The act of flustering  or the state of being flustered; fluster.
Flustrate,To fluster.
Flustration,The act of flustrating; confusion; flurry.
Fluted,of Flute
Fluting,of Flute
Fluter,One who plays on the flute; a flutist or flautist.
Flutist,A performer on the flute; a flautist.
Flutter,To vibrate or move quickly; as  a bird flutters its wings.
Flutterer,One who  or that which flutters.
Flutteringly,In a fluttering manner.
Fluty,Soft and clear in tone  like a flute.
Fluvialist,One who exlpains geological phenomena by the action of streams.
Fluviatic,Belonging to rivers or streams; fluviatile.
Fluxed,of Flux
Fluxing,of Flux
Fluxation,The act of fluxing.
Fluxibility,The quality of being fluxible.
Fluxible,Capable of being melted or fused  as a mineral.
Fluxile,Fluxible.
Fluxility,State of being fluxible.
Fluxion,The act of flowing.
Fluxionary,Fluxional.
Fluxionist,One skilled in fluxions.
Fluxions,See Fluxion  6(b).
Fluxive,Flowing; also  wanting solidity.
Fluxure,The quality of being fluid.
Flying,of Fly
Fly,To move in or pass thorugh the air with wings  as a bird.
Flies,of Fly
Fly-bitten,Marked by  or as if by the bite of flies.
Flyblown,Tainted or contaminated with flyblows; damaged; foul.
Flyboat,A large Dutch coasting vessel.
Fly-case,The covering of an insect  esp. the elytra of beetles.
Fly-catching,Having the habit of catching insects on the wing.
Flyer,One that uses wings.
Fly-fish,To angle  using flies for bait.
Flymen,of Flyman
Flyman,The driver of a fly  or light public carriage.
Flytrap,A trap for catching flies.
Fnese,To breathe heavily; to snort.
Fo,The Chinese name of Buddha.
Foaled,of Foal
Foaling,of Foal
Foalfoot,See Coltsfoot.
Foamed,of Foam
Foaming,of Foam
Foamingly,With foam; frothily.
Foamless,Having no foam.
Foamy,Covered with foam; frothy; spumy.
Fob,A little pocket for a watch.
Fobbed,of Fob
Fobbing,of Fob
Focal,Belonging to or concerning a focus; as a focal point.
Focalized,of Focalize
Focalizing,of Focalize
Focalize,To bring to a focus; to focus; to concentrate.
Focillate,To nourish.
Focillation,Comfort; support.
Focuses,of Focus
Foci,of Focus
Focused,of Focus
Focusing,of Focus
Foddered,of Fodder
Foddering,of Fodder
Fodderer,One who fodders cattle.
Fodient,Fitted for  or pertaining to digging.
Fodientia,A group of African edentates including the aard-vark.
Foehood,Enmity.
Foemen,of Foeman
Foeman,An enemy in war.
Foetal,Same as Fetal.
Foetation,Same as Fetation.
Foeticide,Same as Feticide.
Foetor,Same as Fetor.
Foetus,Same as Fetus.
Fog,A second growth of grass; aftergrass.
Fogged,of Fog
Fogging,of Fog
Foge,The Cornish name for a forge used for smelting tin.
Fo'gey,See Fogy.
Fog'gage,See 1st Fog.
Fog'ger,One who fogs; a pettifogger.
Foggily,In a foggy manner; obscurely.
Fogginess,The state of being foggy.
Fogie,See Fogy.
Fogless,Without fog; clear.
Fogies,of Fogy
Fogyism,The principles and conduct of a fogy.
Foh,An exclamation of abhorrence or contempt; poh; fle.
Fohist,A Buddhist priest. See Fo.
Foible,Weak; feeble.
Foiled,of Foil
Foiling,of Foil
Foil,To tread under foot; to trample.
Foilable,Capable of being foiled.
Foiler,One who foils or frustrates.
Foin,The beech marten (Mustela foina). See Marten.
Foiningly,With a push or thrust.
Foison,Rich harvest; plenty; abundance.
Foist,A light and fast-sailing ship.
Foisted,of Foist
Foisting,of Foist
Foister,One who foists something surreptitiously; a falsifier.
Foistied,Fusty.
Foistiness,Fustiness; mustiness.
Foisty,Fusty; musty.
Folded,of Fold
Folding,of Fold
Foldage,See Faldage.
Folderol,Nonsense.
Foldless,Having no fold.
Foliar,Consisting of  or pertaining to leaves; as foliar appendages.
Foliate,Furnished with leaves; leafy; as  a foliate stalk.
Foliated,of Foliate
Foliating,of Foliate
Foliation,The process of forming into a leaf or leaves.
Foliature,Foliage; leafage.
Folier,Goldsmith's foil.
Foliferous,Producing leaves.
Folily,Foolishly.
Folios,of Folio
Folio,A leaf of a book or manuscript.
Foliole,One of the distinct parts of a compound leaf; a leaflet.
Foliomort,See Feuillemort.
Foliose,Having many leaves; leafy.
Foliosity,The ponderousness or bulk of a folio; voluminousness.
Folious,Like a leaf; thin; unsubstantial.
Foliums,of Folium
Folia,of Folium
Folium,A leaf  esp. a thin leaf or plate.
Folk,Alt. of Folks
Folklore,Alt. of Folk lore
Folk lore,Tales  legends or superstitions long current among the people.
Folkmote,An assembly of the people
Folkmoter,One who takes part in a folkmote  or local court.
Follicular,Like  pertaining to or consisting of a follicles or follicles.
Folliculated,Having follicles.
Folliculous,Having or producing follicles.
Folliful,Full of folly.
Followed,of Follow
Following,of Follow
Follies,of Folly
Folwe,To follow.
Fomented,of Foment
Fomenting,of Foment
Fomites,of Fomes
Fon,A fool; an idiot.
Fond,imp. of Find. Found.
Fonde,To endeavor; to strive; to try.
Fondled,of Fondle
Fondling,of Fondle
Fondler,One who fondles.
Fondly,Foolishly.
Fondness,The quality or state of being fond; foolishness.
Fondon,A large copper vessel used for hot amalgamation.
Fone,pl. of Foe.
Fonge,To take; to receive.
Fonly,Foolishly; fondly.
Fonne,A fon.
Fontanelle,Same as Fontanel  2.
Fontange,A kind of tall headdress formerly worn.
Foodful,Full of food; supplying food; fruitful; fertile.
Foodless,Without food; barren.
Foody,Eatable; fruitful.
Fooled,of Fool
Fooling,of Fool
Foolahs,Same as Fulahs.
Fool-born,Begotten by a fool.
Fooleries,of Foolery
Foolery,The practice of folly; the behavior of a fool; absurdity.
Foolfish,The orange filefish. See Filefish.
Fool-happy,Lucky  without judgment or contrivance.
Foolhardihood,The state of being foolhardy; foolhardiness.
Foolhardily,In a foolhardy manner.
Foolhardise,Foolhardiness.
Foolhardy,Daring without judgment; foolishly adventurous and bold.
Fool-hasty,Foolishly hasty.
Foolify,To make a fool of; to befool.
Foolishly,In a foolish manner.
Foolishness,The quality of being foolish.
Fool-large,Foolishly liberal.
Fool-largesse,Foolish expenditure; waste.
Footed,of Foot
Footing,of Foot
Footband,A band of foot soldiers.
Footbath,A bath for the feet; also  a vessel used in bathing the feet.
Footboy,A page; an attendant in livery; a lackey.
Footbreadth,The breadth of a foot; -- used as a measure.
Footbridge,A narrow bridge for foot passengers only.
Footcloth,Formerly  a housing or caparison for a horse.
Footfall,A setting down of the foot; a footstep; the sound of a footstep.
Footglove,A kind of stocking.
Foothalt,A disease affecting the feet of sheep.
Foothill,A low hill at the foot of higher hills or mountains.
Foothook,See Futtock.
Foothot,Hastily; immediately; instantly; on the spot; hotfloot.
Footless,Having no feet.
Footlicker,A sycophant; a fawner; a toady. Cf. Bootlick.
Footmen,of Footman
Footman,A soldier who marches and fights on foot; a foot soldier.
Footmanship,Art or skill of a footman.
Footmark,A footprint; a track or vestige.
Footnote,A note of reference or comment at the foot of a page.
Footpace,A walking pace or step.
Footpad,A highwayman or robber on foot.
Footpaths,of Footpath
Footpath,A narrow path or way for pedestrains only; a footway.
Footplate,See Footboard (a).
Footstall,The stirrup of a woman's saddle.
Footstone,The stone at the foot of a grave; -- opposed to headstone.
Footstool,A low stool to support the feet of one when sitting.
Footway,A passage for pedestrians only.
Footy,Having foots  or settlings; as footy oil molasses etc.
Fop-doodle,A stupid or insignificant fellow; a fool; a simpleton.
Fopling,A petty fop.
Fopperies,of Foppery
Forage,The act of foraging; search for provisions  etc.
Foraged,of Forage
Foraging,of Forage
Forager,One who forages.
Foralite,A tubelike marking  occuring in sandstone and other strata.
Foramina,of Foramen
Foramines,of Foramen
Foramen,A small opening  perforation or orifice; a fenestra.
Foraminated,Having small opening  or foramina.
Foraminifer,One of the foraminifera.
Foraminiferous,Having small openings  or foramina.
Foraminous,Having foramina; full of holes; porous.
Forayer,One who makes or joins in a foray.
Forbade,imp. of Forbid.
Forbathe,To bathe.
Forbear,An ancestor; a forefather; -- usually in the plural.
Forbore,of Forbear
Forbare,of Forbear
Forborne,of Forbear
Forbearing,of Forbear
Forbearance,The act of forbearing or waiting; the exercise of patience.
Forbearant,Forbearing.
Forbearer,One who forbears.
Forbidden,of Forbid
Forbid,of Forbid
Forbidding,of Forbid
Forbiddenly,In a forbidden or unlawful manner.
Forbidder,One who forbids.
Forblack,Very black.
Forboden,p. p. of Forbid.
Forbruise,To bruise sorely or exceedingly.
Forby,Near; hard by; along; past.
Forcarve,To cut completely; to cut off.
Force,To stuff; to lard; to farce.
Forced,of Force
Forcing,of Force
Forceful,Full of or processing force; exerting force; mighty.
Forceless,Having little or no force; feeble.
Forcement,The act of forcing; compulsion.
Forcer,One who  or that which forces or drives.
Forcible-feeble,Seemingly vigorous  but really weak or insipid.
Forcibleness,The quality of being forcible.
Forcibly,In a forcible manner.
Forcipate,Alt. of Forcipated
Forcipated,Like a pair of forceps; as  a forcipated mouth.
Forcipation,Torture by pinching with forceps or pinchers.
Forcut,To cut completely; to cut off.
Forded,of Ford
Fording,of Ford
Fordable,Capable of being forded.
Fordless,Without a ford.
Fordo,To destroy; to undo; to ruin.
Fordone,Undone; ruined.
Fordrive,To drive about; to drive here and there.
Fordrunken,Utterly drunk; very drunk.
Fordry,Entirely dry; withered.
Fordwine,To dwindle away; to disappear.
Fore,Journey; way; method of proceeding.
Foreadmonish,To admonish beforehand  or before the act or event.
Forealleged,of Foreallege
Forealleging,of Foreallege
Foreallege,To allege or cite before.
Foreappoint,To set  order or appoint beforehand.
Foreappointment,Previous appointment; preordinantion.
Forebeam,The breast beam of a loom.
Forebear,An ancestor. See Forbear.
Foreboded,of Forebode
Foreboding,of Forebode
Forebode,To foretell.
Forebodement,The act of foreboding; the thing foreboded.
Foreboder,One who forebodes.
Forebodingly,In a foreboding manner.
Foreby,Near; hard by; along; past. See Forby.
Forecast,To plan beforehand; to scheme; to project.
Forecaster,One who forecast.
Forechosen,Chosen beforehand.
Forecited,Cited or quoted before or above.
Foreclosed,of Foreclose
Foreclosing,of Foreclose
Foreconceive,To preconceive; to imagine beforehand.
Foredate,To date before the true time; to antendate.
Foredeck,The fore part of a deck  or of a ship.
Foredeem,To recognize or judge in advance; to forebode.
Foredesign,To plan beforehand; to intend previously.
Foredetermine,To determine or decree beforehand.
Foredispose,To bestow beforehand.
Foredoom,To doom beforehand; to predestinate.
Forefeel,To feel beforehand; to have a presentiment of.
Forefence,Defense in front.
Forefinger,The finger next to the thumb; the index.
Foreflow,To flow before.
Foreefront,Foremost part or place.
Foregame,A first game; first plan.
Foregather,Same as Forgather.
Foregift,A premium paid by / lessee when taking his lease.
Foregleam,An antecedent or premonitory gleam; a dawning light.
Forewent 2,of Forego
Foregone,of Forego
Foregoing,of Forego
Forego,To quit; to relinquish; to leave.
Foreguess,To conjecture.
Forehand,All that part of a horse which is before the rider.
Forehanded,Early; timely; seasonable.
Forehear,To hear beforehand.
Forehend,See Forhend.
Forehew,To hew or cut in front.
Forehold,The forward part of the hold of a ship.
Foreholding,Ominous foreboding; superstitious prognostication.
Forein,Foreign.
Forejudgment,Prejudgment.
Foreknew,of Foreknow
Foreknown,of Foreknow
Foreknowing,of Foreknow
Foreknow,To have previous knowledge of; to know beforehand.
Foreknowa-ble,That may be foreknown.
Foreknower,One who foreknows.
Foreknowingly,With foreknowledge.
Forel,A kind of parchment for book covers. See Forrill.
Forelay,To lay down beforehand.
Foreleader,One who leads others by his example; aguide.
Forelend,See Forlend.
Forelet,See Forlet.
Forelie,To lie in front of.
Forelift,To lift up in front.
Forelock,The lock of hair that grows from the forepart of the head.
Forelook,To look beforehand or forward.
Foremen,of Foreman
Foreman,The first or chief man
Foremast,The mast nearest the bow.
Foremeant,Intended beforehand; premeditated.
Forementioned,Mentioned before; already cited; aforementioned.
Foremostly,In the foremost place or order; among the foremost.
Foremother,A female ancestor.
Forename,A name that precedes the family name or surname; a first name.
Forenamed,Named before; aforenamed.
Forenenst,Over against; opposite to.
Fore-night,The evening between twilight and bedtime.
Forenoon,The early part of the day  from morning to meridian or noon.
Forensal,Forensic.
Forensical,Forensic.
Foreordinate,To foreordain.
Fore part,Alt. of Forepart
Forepast,Bygone.
Forepossessed,Holding or held formerly in possession.
Foreprize,To prize or rate beforehand.
Forepromised,Promised beforehand; preengaged.
Foreran,imp. of Forerun.
Forerank,The first rank; the front.
Foreread,To tell beforehand; to signify by tokens; to predestine.
Forerecited,Named or recited before.
Foreremembered,Called to mind previously.
Foreright,Ready; directly forward; going before.
Foresaid,Mentioned before; aforesaid.
Foresay,To foretell.
Foresee,To see beforehand; to have prescience of; to foreknow.
Foreseen,Provided; in case that; on condition that.
Foreseer,One who foresees or foreknows.
Foreseize,To seize beforehand.
Foreshadow,To shadow or typi/y beforehand; to prefigure.
Foreshew,See Foreshow.
Foreship,The fore part of a ship.
Foreshortening,Representation in a foreshortened mode or way.
Foreshower,One who predicts.
Foresight,The act or the power of foreseeing; prescience; foreknowledge.
Foresighted,Sagacious; prudent; provident for the future.
Foresightful,Foresighted.
Foresignify,To signify beforehand; to foreshow; to typify.
Foreskirt,The front skirt of a garment  in distinction from the train.
Foreslack,See Forslack.
Foresleeve,The sleeve below the elbow.
Foreslow,To make slow; to hinder; to obstruct. [Obs.] See Forslow  v. t.
Forespeak,See Forspeak.
Forespeaking,A prediction; also  a preface.
Forespeech,A preface.
Forespent,Already spent; gone by; past.
Forespurrer,One who rides before; a harbinger.
Forestage,A duty or tribute payable to the king's foresters.
Forestal,Of or pertaining to forests; as  forestal rights.
Forestalled,of Forestall
Forestalling,of Forestall
Forestall,To take beforehand  or in advance; to anticipate.
Forestaller,One who forestalls; esp.  one who forestalls the market.
Forestick,Front stick of a hearth fire.
Foreswart,Alt. of Foreswart
Foretaste,A taste beforehand; enjoyment in advance; anticipation.
Foretaster,One who tastes beforehand  or before another.
Foreteach,To teach beforehand.
Foretold,of Foretell
Foretelling,of Foretell
Foretell,To predict; to tell before occurence; to prophesy; to foreshow.
Foreteller,One who predicts.
Forethoughtful,Having forethought.
Foretime,The past; the time before the present.
Foretoken,Prognostic; previous omen.
Foretokened,of Foretoken
Foretokening,of Foretoken
Fore teeth,of Fore tooth
Fore tooth,One of the teeth in the forepart of the mouth; an incisor.
Fore-topsail,See Sail.
Forever,Through eternity; through endless ages  eternally.
Forevouched,Formerly vouched or avowed; affirmed in advance.
Foreward,The van; the front.
Forewarned,of Forewarn
Forewarning,of Forewarn
Forewaste,See Forewaste.
Forewend,To go before.
Forewish,To wish beforehand.
Forewit,A leader  or would-be leader in matters of knowledge or taste.
Forewot,1st & 3d pers.  of Forewite
Forewost,of Forewite
Forewiten,of Forewite
Forewiste,of Forewite
Forewisten,of Forewite
Forewiting,of Forewite
Forewite,To foreknow.
Forewomen,of Forewoman
Foreword,A preface.
Foreworn,Worn out; wasted; used up.
Foreyard,The lowermost yard on the foremast.
Forfalture,Forfeiture.
Forfeit,Injury; wrong; mischief.
Forfeited,of Forfeit
Forfeiting,of Forfeit
Fourfeitable,Liable to be forfeited; subject to forfeiture.
Forfeiter,One who incurs a penalty of forfeiture.
Forfend,To prohibit; to forbid; to avert.
Forfered,Excessively alarmed; in great fear.
Forfete,To incur a penalty; to transgress.
Forfex,A pair of shears.
Forficate,Deeply forked  as the tail of certain birds.
Forficula,A genus of insects including the earwigs. See Earwig  1.
Forgather,To convene; to gossip; to meet accidentally.
Forgave,imp. of Forgive.
Forged,of Forge
Forging,of Forge
Forgemen,of Forgeman
Forgeman,A skilled smith  who has a hammerer to assist him.
Forger,One who forges  makes of forms; a fabricator; a falsifier.
Forgeries,of Forgery
Forgery,The act of forging metal into shape.
Forgot,of Forget
Forgat,of Forget
Forgotten,of Forget
Forgetting,of Forget
Forgetfully,In a forgetful manner.
Forgetive,Inventive; productive; capable.
Forgettable,Liable to be  or that may be forgotten.
Forgetter,One who forgets; a heedless person.
Forgettingly,By forgetting.
Forgivable,Capable of being forgiven; pardonable; venial.
Forgiven,of Forgive
Forgiving,of Forgive
Forgive,To give wholly; to make over without reservation; to resign.
Forgiver,One who forgives.
Forwent,of Forgo
Forgone,of Forgo
Forgoing,of Forgo
Forgo,To pass by; to leave. See 1st Forego.
Forhall,To harass; to torment; to distress.
Forhend,To seize upon.
Forinsecal,Foreign; alien.
Forisfamiliated,of Forisfamiliate
Forisfamiliating,of Forisfamiliate
Forisfamiliation,The act of forisfamiliating.
Forked,of Fork
Forking,of Fork
Forkerve,See Forcarve  v. t.
Forkiness,The quality or state or dividing in a forklike manner.
Forkless,Having no fork.
Forky,Opening into two or more parts or shoots; forked; furcated.
Forlaft,p. p. of Forleave.
Forlay,To lie in wait for; to ambush.
Forleave,To leave off wholly.
Forlend,To give up wholly.
Forlore,of Forlese
Forlorn,of Forlese
Forlese,To lose utterly.
Forlet,To give up; to leave; to abandon.
Forlie,See Forelie.
Forlornly,In a forlorn manner.
Forlornness,State of being forlorn.
Forlye,Same as Forlie.
Formed,of Form
Forming,of Form
Formal,See Methylal.
Formalities,of Formality
Formalized,of Formalize
Formalizing,of Formalize
Formalize,To give form  or a certain form to; to model.
Formate,A salt of formic acid.
Forme,Same as Pate or Patte.
Formell,The female of a hawk or falcon.
Former,One who forms; a maker; a creator.
Formful,Creative; imaginative.
Formicaroid,Like or pertaining to the family Formicaridae or ant thrushes.
Formicary,The nest or dwelling of a swarm of ants; an ant-hill.
Formicate,Resembling  or pertaining to an ant or ants.
Formicid,Pertaining to the ants.
Formidability,Formidableness.
Formidableness,The quality of being formidable  or adapted to excite dread.
Formidably,In a formidable manner.
Formidolose,Very much afraid.
Formulas,of Formula
Formulae,of Formula
Formularistic,Pertaining to  or exhibiting formularization.
Formularize,To reduce to a forula; to formulate.
Formulary,Stated; prescribed; ritual.
Formularies,of Formulary
Formulated,of Formulate
Formulating,of Formulate
Formule,A set or prescribed model; a formula.
Formulized,of Formulize
Formulizing,of Formulize
Formulize,To reduce to a formula; to formulate.
Forncast,Predestined.
Fornical,Relating to a fornix.
Fornicate,Alt. of Fornicated
Fornicated,Vaulted like an oven or furnace; arched.
Fornicatress,A woman guilty of fornication.
Fornices,of Fornix
Forold,Very old.
Forpass,To pass by or along; to pass over.
Forpine,To waste away completely by suffering or torment.
Forray,To foray; to ravage; to pillage.
Forrill,Lambskin parchment; vellum; forel.
Forsook,of Forsake
Forsaken,of Forsake
Forsaking,of Forsake
Forsaker,One who forsakes or deserts.
Forsay,To forbid; to renounce; to forsake; to deny.
Forshape,To render misshapen.
Forslack,To neglect by idleness; to delay or to waste by sloth.
Forslouthe,To lose by sloth or negligence.
Forslow,To delay; to hinder; to neglect; to put off.
Forslugge,To lsoe by idleness or slotch.
Forspeak,To forbid; to prohibit.
Forspent,Wasted in strength; tired; exhausted.
Forstall,To forestall.
Forster,A forester.
Forstraught,Distracted.
Forswat,Spent with heat; covered with sweat.
Forswore,of Forswear
Forsworn,of Forswear
Forswearing,of Forswear
Forswonk,Overlabored; exhausted; worn out.
Forswornness,State of being forsworn.
Forsythia,A shrub of the Olive family  with yellow blossoms.
Forte,The strong point; that in which one excels.
Forthby,See Forby.
Forthcoming,Ready or about to appear; making appearance.
Forthgoing,A going forth; an utterance.
Forthink,To repent; to regret; to be sorry for; to cause regret.
Forthputing,Bold; forward; aggressive.
Forthright,Straight forward; in a straight direction.
Forthrightness,Straightforwardness; explicitness; directness.
Forthward,Forward.
Forthwith,Immediately; without delay; directly.
Forthy,Therefore.
Forties,See Forty.
Fortifiable,Capable of being fortified.
Fortified,of Fortify
Fortifying,of Fortify
Fortilage,A little fort; a blockhouse.
Fortin,A little fort; a fortlet.
Fortissimo,Very loud; with the utmost strength or loudness.
Fortition,Casual choice; fortuitous selection; hazard.
Fortitude,Power to resist attack; strength; firmness.
Fortitudinous,Having fortitude; courageous.
Fortlet,A little fort.
Fortnight,The space of fourteen days; two weeks.
Fortread,To tread down; to trample upon.
Fortresses,of Fortress
Fortuity,Accident; chance; casualty.
Fortunately,In a fortunate manner; luckily; successfully; happily.
Fortuneless,Luckless; also  destitute of a fortune or portion.
Fortunize,To regulate the fortune of; to make happy.
Forty,Four times ten; thirty-nine and one more.
Forums,of Forum
Fora,of Forum
Forwaked,Tired out with excessive waking or watching.
Forwander,To wander away; to go astray; to wander far and to weariness.
Forward,An agreement; a covenant; a promise.
Forwarded,of Forward
Forwarding,of Forward
Forwarder,One who forwards or promotes; a promoter.
Forwardly,Eagerly; hastily; obtrusively.
Forwaste,To desolate or lay waste utterly.
Forwweary,To weary extremely; to dispirit.
Forweep,To weep much.
Forwete,See Forewite.
Forwhy,Wherefore; because.
Forworn,Much worn.
Forwot,pres. indic. 1st & 3d pers. sing. of Forwete.
Forwrap,To wrap up; to conceal.
Foryelde,To repay; to requite.
Foryete,To forget.
Foryetten,p. p. of Foryete.
Forzando,See Sforzato.
FossAe,of Fossa
Fossane,A species of civet (Viverra fossa) resembling the genet.
Fosse,A ditch or moat.
Fosset,A faucet.
Fossette,A little hollow; hence  a dimple.
Fossil,Dug out of the earth; as  fossil coal; fossil salt.
Fossiliferous,Containing or composed of fossils.
Fossilification,The process of becoming fossil.
Fossilism,The science or state of fossils.
Fossilist,One who is versed in the science of fossils; a paleontologist.
Fossilization,The process of converting  or of being converted into a fossil.
Fossilized,of Fossilize
Fossilizing,of Fossilize
Fossoria,See Fossores.
Fossorious,Adapted for digging; -- said of the legs of certain insects.
Fossulate,Having  or surrounded by long narrow depressions or furrows.
Fostered,of Foster
Fostering,of Foster
Foster,To feed; to nourish; to support; to bring up.
Fosterage,The care of a foster child; the charge of nursing.
Fosterling,A foster child.
Fosterment,Food; nourishment.
Fostress,A woman who feeds and cherishes; a nurse.
Fother,A wagonload; a load of any sort.
Fothered,of Fother
Fothering,of Fother
Fotive,Nourishing.
Fotmal,Seventy pounds of lead.
Fougade,Alt. of Fougasse
Foughten,p. p. of Fight.
Foul,A bird.
Fouled,of Foul
Fouling,of Foul
Foulder,To flash  as lightning; to lighten; to gleam; to thunder.
Foule,Foully.
Foulness,The quality or condition of being foul.
Foul-spoken,Using profane  scurrilous slanderous or obscene language.
Founded,of Found
Founding,of Found
Foundation,The act of founding  fixing establishing or beginning to erect.
Foundationless,Having no foundation.
Foundered,of Founder
Foundering,of Founder
Foundershaft,The first shaft sunk.
Founderies,of Foundery
Foundery,Same as Foundry.
Foundries,of Foundry
Foundry,The act  process or art of casting metals.
Fount,A font.
Fountain,A spring of water issuing from the earth.
Fountainless,Having no fountain; destitute of springs or sources of water.
Fountful,Full of fountains.
Four,One more than three; twice two.
Fourb,Alt. of Fourbe
Fourbe,A trickly fellow; a cheat.
Fourchette,A table fork.
Four-cornered,Having four corners or angles.
Fourfold,Four times; quadruple; as  a fourfold division.
Fourfooted,Having four feet; quadruped; as  fourfooted beasts.
Fourgon,An ammunition wagon.
Fourhanded,Having four hands; quadrumanous.
Fourierist,Alt. of Fourierite
Fourierite,One who adopts the views of Fourier.
Fourling,One of four children born at the same time.
Fourneau,The chamber of a mine in which the powder is placed.
Fourpence,A British silver coin  worth four pence; a groat.
Fourrier,A harbinger.
Fourscore,Four times twenty; eighty.
Foursquare,Having four sides and four equal angles.
Fourteen,Four and ten more; twice seven.
Fourth,Next in order after the third; the ordinal of four.
Fourthly,In the fourth place.
Four-wheeled,Having four wheels.
Four-wheeler,A vehicle having four wheels.
Fouter,A despicable fellow.
Foutra,A fig; -- a word of contempt.
Fouty,Despicable.
Foveae,of Fovea
Fovea,A slight depression or pit; a fossa.
Foveate,Having pits or depressions; pitted.
Foveolae,of Foveola
Foveola,A small depression or pit; a fovea.
Foveolated,Foveolate.
Fovillae,of Fovilla
Fowls,of Fowl
Fowl,Any bird; esp.  any large edible bird.
Fowled,of Fowl
Fowling,of Fowl
Fowler,A sportsman who pursues wild fowl  or takes or kills for food.
Foxes,of Fox
Foxed,of Fox
Foxing,of Fox
Foxearth,A hole in the earth to which a fox resorts to hide himself.
Fracas,An uproar; a noisy quarrel; a disturbance; a brawl.
Fracho,A shallow iron pan to hold glass ware while being annealed.
Fracid,Rotten from being too ripe; overripe.
Fract,To break; to violate.
Fracted,Having a part displaced  as if broken; -- said of an ordinary.
Foxery,Behavior like that of a fox; cunning.
Foxhound,One of a special breed of hounds used for chasing foxes.
Foxish,Foxlike.
Foxly,Foxlike.
Foxship,Foxiness; craftiness.
Foxtail,The tail or brush of a fox.
Foy,Faith; allegiance; fealty.
Foyer,A lobby in a theater; a greenroom.
Foyson,See Foison.
Foziness,The state of being fozy; spiritlessness; dullness.
Fozy,Spongy; soft; fat and puffy.
Fra,Fro.
Frab,To scold; to nag.
Frabbit,Crabbed; peevish.
Fractionary,Fractional.
Fractural,Pertaining to  or consequent on a fracture.
Fracture,The act of breaking or snapping asunder; rupture; breach.
Fractured,of Fracture
Fracturing,of Fracture
Fraenula,of Fraenulum
Fraenulum,A fraenum.
Fraenums,of Frenum
Fraena,of Frenum
Fraenum,Alt. of Frenum
Fragile,Easily broken; brittle; frail; delicate; easily destroyed.
Fragmentak,Fragmentary.
Fragmental,A fragmentary rock.
Fragmentarily,In a fragmentary manner; piecemeal.
Fragmented,Broken into fragments.
Fragmentist,A writer of fragments; as  the fragmentist of Wolfenbuttel.
Fragrance,Alt. of Fragrancy
Fraight,Same as Fraught.
Frailly,Weakly; infirmly.
Frailness,Frailty.
Frailties,of Frailty
Fraischeur,Freshness; coolness.
Fraise,A large and thick pancake  with slices of bacon in it.
Fraised,Fortified with a fraise.
Fraken,A freckle.
Framable,Capable of being framed.
Frambaesia,The yaws. See Yaws.
Framed,of Frame
Framing,of Frame
Frampel,Alt. of Frampoid
Frampoid,Peevish; cross; vexatious; quarrelsome.
Franchise,Exemption from constraint or oppression; freedom; liberty.
Franchised,of Franchise
Franchising,of Franchise
Franchisement,Release; deliverance; freedom.
Francic,Pertaining to the Franks  or their language; Frankish.
Franciscan,Belonging to the Order of St. Francis of the Franciscans.
Francolite,A variety of apatite from Wheal Franco in Devonshire.
Frangent,Causing fracture; breaking.
Frangibility,The state or quality of being frangible.
Frangible,Capable of being broken; brittle; fragile; easily broken.
Frangipane,A perfume of jasmine; frangipani.
Frangipani,Alt. of Frangipanni
Frangulic,Alt. of Frangulinic
Franion,A paramour; a loose woman; also  a gay idle fellow.
Frank,A pigsty.
Franked,of Frank
Franking,of Frank
Frank-chase,The liberty or franchise of having a chase; free chase.
Frankish,Like  or pertaining to the Franks.
Franklin,An English freeholder  or substantial householder.
Franklinic,Of or pertaining to Benjamin Franklin.
Franklinite,A kind of mineral of the spinel group.
Frankly,In a frank manner; freely.
Frantic,Mad; raving; furious; violent; wild and disorderly; distracted.
Frapped,of Frap
Frapping,of Frap
Frape,A crowd  a rabble.
Frapler,A blusterer; a rowdy.
Frater,A monk; also  a frater house.
Fraternate,To fraternize; to hold fellowship.
Fraternation,Alt. of Fraternism
Fraternism,Fraternization.
Fraternities,of Fraternity
Fraternization,The act of fraternizing or uniting as brothers.
Fraternized,of Fraternize
Fraternizing,of Fraternize
Fraternizer,One who fraternizes.
Fratery,A frater house. See under Frater.
Fratrage,A sharing among brothers  or brothers' kin.
Fratricidal,Of or pertaining to fratricide; of the nature of fratricide.
Fratricide,The act of one who murders or kills his own brother.
Fraudless,Free from fraud.
Fraudulence,Alt. of Fraudulency
Fraudulent,Using fraud; trickly; deceitful; dishonest.
Fraudulently,In a fraudulent manner.
Fraught,A freight; a cargo.
Fraughted,of Fraught
Fraughting,of Fraught
Fraughtage,Freight; loading; cargo.
Fray,Affray; broil; contest; combat.
Frayed,of Fray
Fraying,of Fray
Freaked,of Freak
Freaking,of Freak
Freak,To variegate; to checker; to streak.
Freakish,Apt to change the mind suddenly; whimsical; capricious.
Freck,To checker; to diversify.
Freckled,of Freckle
Freckling,of Freckle
Freckledness,The state of being freckled.
Freckly,Full of or marked with freckles; sprinkled with spots; freckled.
Fredstole,See Fridstol.
Freed,of Free
Freeing,of Free
Freebootery,The act  practice or gains of a freebooter; freebooting.
Freebooting,Robbery; plunder; a pillaging.
Freebooty,Freebootery.
Freeborn,Born free; not born in vassalage; inheriting freedom.
Free-denizen,To make free.
Freedmen,of Freedman
Freedman,A man who has been a slave  and has been set free.
Freedstool,See Fridstol.
Free-handed,Open-handed; liberal.
Freeholder,The possessor of a freehold.
Free-living,Unrestrained indulgence of the appetites.
Free-lover,One who believes in or practices free-love.
Freelte,Frailty.
Freemen,of Freeman
Free-martin,An imperfect female calf  twinborn with a male.
Freemasonry,The institutions or the practices of freemasons.
Free-minded,Not perplexed; having a mind free from care.
Freer,One who frees  or sets free.
Free-spoken,Accustomed to speak without reserve.
Free-swimming,Swimming in the open sea; -- said of certain marine animals.
Freethinking,Undue boldness of speculation; unbelief.
Free-tongued,Speaking without reserve.
Free will,A will free from improper coercion or restraint.
Freezable,Capable of being frozen.
Freeze,A frieze.
Froze,of Freeze
Frozen,of Freeze
Freezing,of Freeze
Freighted,of Freight
Freighting,of Freight
Freightage,Charge for transportation; expense of carriage.
Freighter,One who loads a ship  or one who charters and loads a ship.
Freightless,Destitute of freight.
Frelte,Frailty.
Fremd,Alt. of Fremed
Fremed,Strange; foreign.
Fren,A stranger.
French,Of or pertaining to France or its inhabitants.
Frenchified,of Frenchify
Frenchifying,of Frenchify
Frenchmen,of Frenchman
Frenchman,A native or one of the people of France.
Frenetir,Distracted; mad; frantic; phrenetic.
Frenetical,Frenetic; frantic; frenzied.
Frenums,of Frenum
Frena,of Frenum
Frenzical,Frantic.
Frenzied,Affected with frenzy; frantic; maddened.
Frenzies,of Frenzy
Frequence,A crowd; a throng; a concourse.
Frequencies,of Frequency
Frequented,of Frequent
Frequenting,of Frequent
Frequentable,Accessible.
Frequentage,The practice or habit of frequenting.
Frequentation,The act or habit of frequenting or visiting often; resort.
Frequentness,The quality of being frequent.
Frere,A friar.
Frescade,A cool walk; shady place.
Frescoes,of Fresco
Frescos,of Fresco
Fresco,A cool  refreshing state of the air; duskiness; coolness; shade.
Frescoed,of Fresco
Frescoing,of Fresco
Freshes,of Fresh
Freshened,of Freshen
Freshening,of Freshen
Freshet,A stream of fresh water.
Freshmen,of Freshman
Freshmanship,The state of being a freshman.
Freshment,Refreshment.
Freshness,The state of being fresh.
Fresh-new,Unpracticed.
Fresnel lamp,Alt. of Fres'nel' lan'tern
Fresnel lens,See under Lens.
Fret,See 1st Frith.
Fretted,of Fret
Fretting,of Fret
Frett,The worn side of the bank of a river. See 4th Fret  n. 4.
Fretten,Rubbed; marked; as  pock-fretten marked with the smallpox.
Fretter,One who  or that which frets.
Fretty,Adorned with fretwork.
Freta,of Fretum
Fretum,A strait  or arm of the sea.
Friabiiity,The quality of being friable; friableness.
Friable,Easily crumbled  pulverized or reduced to powder.
Friarly,Like a friar; inexperienced.
Friary,Like a friar; pertaining to friars or to a convent.
Friation,The act of breaking up or pulverizing.
Frible,Frivolous; trifling; sily.
Fribble,A frivolous  contemptible fellow; a fop.
Fribbler,A trifler; a fribble.
Fribbling,Frivolous; trining; toolishly captious.
Friborg,Alt. of Friborgh
Fricace,Meat sliced and dressed with strong sauce.
Fricandeau,Alt. of Fricando
Fricassed,of Frlcassee
Fricasseeing,of Frlcassee
Frlcassee,To dress like a fricassee.
Frication,Friction.
Fricatrice,A lewd woman; a harlot.
Frickle,A bushel basket.
Frictionless,Having no friction.
Fridge,To rub; to fray.
Fridstol,Alt. of Frithstool
Fried,imp. & p. p. of Fry.
Friended,of Friend
Friending,of Friend
Friendless,Destitute of friends; forsaken.
Friendlily,In a friendly manner.
Friendliness,The condition or quality of being friendly.
Frier,One who fries.
Friese,Same as Friesic  n.
Friesish,Friesic.
Friezer,One who  or that which friezes or frizzes.
Frigate-built,Built like a frigate with a raised quarter-deck and forecastle.
Frigefaction,The act of making cold. [Obs.]
Frigefactive,Cooling.
Frigerate,To make cool.
Frigg,Alt. of Frigga
Frighted,of Fright
Frighting,of Fright
Frightened,of Frighten
Frightening,of Frighten
Frightful,Full of fright; affrighted; frightened.
Frightfully,In a frightful manner; to a frightful dagree.
Frightfulness,The quality of being frightful.
Frightless,Free from fright; fearless.
Frightment,Fear; terror.
Frigidaria,of Frigidarium
Frigidly,In a frigid manner; coldly; dully; without affection.
Frigorific,Alt. of Frigorifical
Frigorifical,Causing cold; producing or generating cold.
Frilled,of Frill
Frilling,of Frill
Frill,To shake or shiver as with cold; as  the hawk frills.
Frim,Flourishing; thriving; fresh; in good case; vigorous.
Fringed,of Fringe
Fringing,of Fringe
Fringeless,Having no fringe.
Fringent,Encircling like a fringe; bordering.
Fringillaceous,Fringilline.
Fringy,Aborned with fringes.
Fripper,One who deals in frippery or in old clothes.
Fripperer,A fripper.
Frippery,Coast-off clothes.
Friseur',A hairdresser.
Frisk,Lively; brisk; frolicsome; frisky.
Frisked,of Frisk
Frisking,of Frisk
Friskal,A leap or caper.
Friskful,Brisk; lively; frolicsome.
Friskily',In a frisky manner.
Friskiness,State or quality of being frisky.
Frisky,Inclined to frisk; frolicsome; gay.
Frislet,A kind of small ruffle.
Frist,To sell upon credit  as goods.
Frisure,The dressing of the hair by crisping or curling.
Fritted,of Frit
Fritting,of Frit
Frithy,Woody.
Fritinancy,A chirping or creaking  as of a cricket.
Frittered,of Fritter
Frittering,of Fritter
Frivolism,Frivolity.
Frivolities,of Frivolity
Frizzed,of Friz
Frizzing,of Friz
Frizzes,of Friz
Frize,See 1st Frieze.
Frizz,See Friz  v. t. & n.
Frizzled,of Frizzle
Frizzling,of Frizzle
Frizzle,To curl or crisp  as hair; to friz; to crinkle.
Frizzler,One who frizzles.
Frizzly,Alt. of Frizzy
Frizzy,Curled or crisped; as  frizzly hair.
Frocked,Clothed in a frock.
Frockless,Destitute of a frock.
Froe,A dirty woman; a slattern; a frow.
Frogfish,See Angler  n. 2.
Froggy,Abounding in frogs.
Frogs-bit,Frogbit.
Froise,A kind of pancake. See 1st Fraise.
Frolicked,of Frolic
Frolicking,of Frolic
Frolicful,Frolicsome.
Frolicky,Frolicsome.
Frolicly,In a frolicsome manner; with mirth and gayety.
Frolicsome,Full of gayety and mirth; given to pranks; sportive.
Fromward,Alt. of Fromwards
Fromwards,A way from; -- the contrary of toward.
Fronded,Furnished with fronds.
Frondent,Covered with leaves; leafy; as  a frondent tree.
Frondesce,To unfold leaves  as plants.
Frondescence,The time at which each species of plants unfolds its leaves.
Frondeur,A member of the Fronde.
Frondiferous,Producing fronds.
Frondlet,A very small frond  or distinct portion of a compound frond.
Frondous,Frondose.
Fronted,of Front
Fronting,of Front
Frontage,The front part of an edifice or lot; extent of front.
Frontal,Belonging to the front part; being in front
Frontate,Alt. of Fron'tated
Fron'tated,Growing broader and broader  as a leaf; truncate.
Frontiered,Placed on the frontiers.
Frontiersmen,of Floatiersman
Floatiersman,A man living on the frontier.
Frontignac,Alt. of Frontignan
Frontignan,A sweet muscadine wine made in Frontignan (Languedoc)  France.
Frontingly,In a fronting or facing position; opposingly.
Frontiniac,See Frontignac.
Frontispiece,The part which first meets the eye
Frontless,Without face or front; shameless; not diffident; impudent.
Frontlessly,Shamelessly; impudently.
Frontlet,A frontal or brow band; a fillet or band worn on the forehead.
Fronton,Same as Frontal  2.
Froppish,Peevish; froward.
Frore,Frostily.
Frorn,Frozen.
Frory,Frozen; stiff with cold.
Frostted,of Frost
Frosting,of Frost
Frostbird,The golden plover.
Frost-bitten,Nipped  withered or injured by frost or freezing.
Frost-blite,A plant of the genus Atriplex; orache.
Frostily,In a frosty manner.
Frostiness,State or quality of being frosty.
Frostless,Free from frost; as  a frostless winter.
Frostwort,Same as Frostweed.
Frote,To rub or wear by rubbing; to chafe.
Froterer,One who frotes; one who rubs or chafes.
Frothed,of Froth
Frothing,of Froth
Frothily,In a frothy manner.
Frothiness,State or quality of being frothy.
Frothless,Free from froth.
Frounced,of Frounce
Frouncing,of Frounce
Frounceless,Without frounces.
Frow,A woman; especially  a Dutch or German woman.
Frower,A tool. See 2d Frow.
Frowey,Working smoothly  or without splitting; -- said of timber.
Frowned,p. p.  of Frown
Frowning,of Frown
Frowningly,In a frowning manner.
Frowny,Frowning; scowling.
Frowy,Musty. rancid; as  frowy butter.
Frowzy,Slovenly; unkempt; untidy; frouzy.
Frozenness,A state of being frozen.
Frubish,To rub up: to furbish.
Fructescence,The maturing or ripening of fruit.
Fructiculose,Fruitful; full of fruit.
Fructiferuos,Bearing or producing fruit.
Fructify,To bear fruit.
Fructified,of Fructify
Fructifying,of Fructify
Fructose,Fruit sugar; levulose.
Fructuaries,of Fructuary
Fructuary,One who enjoys the profits  income or increase of anything.
Fructuation,Produce; fruit.
Fructuous,Fruitful; productive; profitable.
Fructure,Use; fruition; enjoyment.
Frugalities,of Frugality
Frugally,Thriftily; prudently.
Frugalness,Quality of being frugal; frugality.
Frugiferous,Producing fruit; fruitful; fructiferous.
Frugivorous,Feeding on fruit  as birds and other animals.
Fruitage,Fruit  collectively; fruit in general; fruitery.
Fruiter,A ship for carrying fruit.
Fruiterer,One who deals in fruit; a seller of fruits.
Fruiteress,A woman who sells fruit.
Fruiteries,of Fruitery
Fruitery,Fruit  taken collectively; fruitage.
Fruitestere,A fruiteress.
Fruiting,Pertaining to  or producing fruit.
Fruitive,Enjoying; possessing.
Fruit'y,Having the odor  taste or appearance of fruit; also fruitful.
Frumentaceous,Made of  or resembling wheat or other grain.
Frumentarious,Of or pertaining to wheat or grain.
Frumenty,Food made of hulled wheat boiled in milk  with sugar plums etc.
Frump,To insult; to flout; to mock; to snub.
Frumper,A mocker.
Frumpish,Cross-tempered; scornful.
Frush,To batter; to break in pieces.
Frustrable,Capable of beeing frustrated or defeated.
Frustraneous,Vain; useless; unprofitable.
Frustrated,of Frustrate
Frustrating,of Frustrate
Frustrately,In vain.
Frustrative,Tending to defeat; fallacious.
Frustratory,Making void; rendering null; as  a frustratory appeal.
Frustulent,Abounding in fragments.
Frusta,of Frustum
Frustums,of Frustum
Frutage,A picture of fruit; decoration by representation of fruit.
Fruticant,Full of shoots.
Fruticous,Fruticose.
Fruticulose,Like  or pertaining to a small shrub.
Frying,of Fry
Ery,A dish of anything fried.
Fuage,Same as Fumage.
Fuar,Same as Feuar.
Fub,Alt. of Fubs
Fubs,A plump young person or child.
Fubbery,Cheating; deception.
Fubby,Alt. of Fubsy
Fubsy,Plump; chubby; short and stuffy; as a fubsy sofa.
Fucate,Alt. of Fucated
Fucated,Painted; disguised with paint  or with false show.
Fuchs,A student of the first year.
Fuchsias,of Fuchsia
Fuchslae,of Fuchsia
Fucivorous,Eating fucus or other seaweeds.
Fucoidal,Fucoid.
Fuci,of Fucus
Fucus,A paint; a dye; also  false show.
Fud,The tail of a hare  coney etc.
Fudder,See Fodder  a weight.
Fuddled,, of Fuddle
Fuddling,of Fuddle
Fuddle,To make foolish by drink; to cause to become intoxicated.
Fuddler,A drunkard.
Fudged,of Fudge
Fudging,of Fudge
Fudge wheel,A tool for ornamenting the edge of a sole.
Fuegian,Of or pertaining to Terra del Fuego.
Fueler,One who  or that which supplies fuel.
Fuero,A code; a charter; a grant of privileges.
Fuff,To puff.
Fuffy,Light; puffy.
Fuga,A fugue.
Fugaciousness,Fugacity.
Fugacy,Banishment.
Fugato,in the gugue style  but not strictly like a fugue.
Fugh,An exclamation of disgust; foh; faugh.
Fughetta,a short  condensed fugue.
Fugitively,In a fugitive manner.
Fugle,To maneuver; to move hither and thither.
Fuglemen,of Fugleman
Fuguist,A musician who composes or performs fugues.
Fulahs,Alt. of Foolahs
Fulbe,Same as Fulahs.
Fuldble,Capable of being propped up.
Fulciment,A prop; a fulcrum.
Fulcra,See Fulcrum.
Fulcrate,Propped; supported by accessory organs.
Fulcrums,of Fulcrum
Fulcrum,A prop or support.
Fulfilled,of Fulfill
Fulfilling,of Fulfill
Fulfill,To fill up; to make full or complete.
Fulfiller,One who fulfills.
Fulgency,Brightness; splendor; glitter; effulgence.
Fulgent,Exquisitely bright; shining; dazzling; effulgent.
Fulgently,Dazzlingly; glitteringly.
Fulgid,Shining; glittering; dazzling.
Fulgidity,Splendor; resplendence; effulgence.
Fulgor,Dazzling brightness; splendor.
Fulgurant,Lightening.
Fulgurate,To flash as lightning.
Fulguration,The act of lightening.
Fulgury,Lightning.
Fulham,A false die.
Fuliginous,Pertaining to soot; sooty; dark; dusky.
Fuliginously,In a smoky manner.
Fulimart,Same as Foumart.
Fulled,of Full
Fulling,of Full
Fullage,The money or price paid for fulling or cleansing cloth.
Fullam,A false die. See Fulham.
Full-blooded,Having a full supply of blood.
Full-bloomed,Like a perfect blossom.
Full-blown,Fully expanded  as a blossom; as a full-bloun rose.
Full-butt,With direct and violentop position; with sudden collision.
Full-drive,With full speed.
Fuller,One whose occupation is to full cloth.
Fulleries,of Fullery
Fullery,The place or the works where the fulling of cloth is carried on.
Full-formed,Full in form or shape; rounded out with flesh.
Full-grown,Having reached the limits of growth; mature.
Full-hearted,Full of courage or confidence.
Full-hot,Very fiery.
Full-manned,Completely furnished wiith men  as a ship.
Fullmart,See Foumart.
Fullonical,Pertaining to a fuller of cloth.
Full-winged,Having large and strong or complete wings.
Fulminant,Thundering; fulminating.
Fulminated,of Fulminate
Fulminating,of Fulminate
Fulmination,The act of fulminating or exploding; detonation.
Fulminatory,Thundering; striking terror.
Fulmine,To thunder.
Fulmineous,Of  or concerning thunder.
Falness,See Fullness.
Fulsamic,Fulsome.
Fulsome,Full; abundant; plenteous; not shriveled.
Fulvid,Fulvous.
Fulvous,Tawny; dull yellow  with a mixture of gray and brown.
Fum,To play upon a fiddle.
Fumacious,Smoky; hence  fond of smoking; addicted to smoking tobacco.
Fumades,of Fumado
Fumadoes,of Fumado
Fumade,Alt. of Fumado
Fumado,A salted and smoked fish  as the pilchard.
Fumage,Hearth money.
Fumarate,A salt of fumaric acid.
Fumaric,Pertaining to  or derived from fumitory (Fumaria officinalis).
Fumatory,See Fumitory.
Fumbled,of Fumble
Fumbling,of Fumble
Fumbler,One who fumbles.
Fumblingly,In the manner of one who fumbles.
Fumed,of Fume
Fuming,of Fume
Fumeless,Free from fumes.
Fumer,One that fumes.
Fumerell,See Femerell.
Fumet,The dung of deer.
Fumette,The stench or high flavor of game or other meat when kept long.
Fumetere,Fumitory.
Fumid,Smoky; vaporous.
Fumidity,Alt. of Fumidness
Fumidness,The state of being fumid; smokiness.
Fumiferous,Producing smoke.
Fumifugist,One who  or that which drives away smoke or fumes.
Fumify,To subject to the action of smoke.
Fumigant,Fuming.
Fumigated,of Fumigate
Fumigating,of Fumigate
Fumigator,One who  or that which fumigates; an apparattus for fumigating.
Fumigatory,Having the quality of purifying by smoke.
Fumlly,Smokily; with fume.
Fumingly,In a fuming manner; angrily.
Fumishness,Choler; fretfulness; passion.
Fumitez,Fumitory.
Fummel,A hinny.
Fumosity,The fumes of drink.
Fumous,Producing smoke; smoky.
Fumy,Producing fumes; fumous.
Fun,Sport; merriment; frolicsome amusement.
Funambulate,To walk or to dance on a rope.
Funambulation,Ropedancing.
Funambulatory,Performing like a ropedancer.
Funambulist,A ropewalker or ropedancer.
Funambulo,Alt. of Funambulus
Funambulus,A ropewalker or ropedancer.
Functional,Pertaining to  or connected with a function or duty; official.
Functionalize,To assign to some function or office.
Functionaries,of Functionary
Functionless,Destitute of function  or of an appropriate organ. Darwin.
Funded,of Fund
Funding,of Fund
Fundament,Foundation.
Fundholder,One who has money invested in the public funds.
Funuless,Destitute of funds.
Funebrial,Pertaining to a funeral or funerals; funeral; funereal.
Funebrious,Funebrial.
Funerate,To bury with funeral rites.
Funeration,The act of burying with funeral rites.
Funest,Lamentable; doleful.
Fungal,Of or pertaining to fungi.
Fungate,A salt of fungic acid.
Funge,A blockhead; a dolt; a fool.
Fungi,See Fungus.
Fungian,Of or pertaining to the Fungidae  a family of stony corals.
Fungic,Pertaining to  or obtained from mushrooms; as fungic acid.
Fungicide,Anything that kills fungi.
Fungiform,Shaped like a fungus or mushroom.
Fungilliform,Shaped like a small fungus.
Fungite,A fossil coral resembling Fungia.
Fungivorous,Eating fungi; -- said of certain insects and snails.
Fungoid,Like a fungus; fungous; spongy.
Fungologist,A mycologist.
Fungology,Mycology.
Fungosity,The quality of that which is fungous; fungous excrescence.
Fungous,Of the nature of fungi; spongy.
Funguses,of Fungus
Funic,Funicular.
Funicle,A small cord  ligature or fiber.
Funicular,Consisting of a small cord or fiber.
Funiculate,Forming a narrow ridge.
Funiculi,of Funiculus
Funis,A cord; specifically  the umbilical cord or navel string.
Funk,An offensive smell; a stench.
Funking,A shrinking back through fear.
Funky,Pertaining to  or characterized by great fear or funking.
Funny,Droll; comical; amusing; laughable.
Funnies,of Funny
Furred,of Fur
Furring,of Fur
Furacious,Given to theft; thievish.
Furacity,Addictedness to theft; thievishness.
Furbelow,A plaited or gathered flounce on a woman's garment.
Furbelowed,of Furhelow
Furbelowing,of Furhelow
Furhelow,To put a furbelow on; to ornament.
Furbished,of Furbish
Furbishing,of Furbish
Furbishable,Capable of being furbished.
Furcate,Alt. of Furcated
Furcated,Forked; branching like a fork; as  furcate twigs.
Furcation,A branching like a. fork.
Furciferous,Rascally; scandalous.
Furcula,A forked process; the wishbone or furculum.
Furcular,Shaped like a fork; furcate.
Furdle,To draw up into a bundle; to roll up.
Furfur,Scurf; dandruff.
Furfuraceous,Made of bran; like bran; scurfy.
Furfuration,Falling of scurf from the head; desquamation.
Furfurine,A white  crystalline base obtained indirectly from furfurol.
Furfurous,Made of bran; furfuraceous.
Furial,Furious; raging; tormenting.
Furibundal,Full of rage.
Furies,See Fury  3.
Furilic,Pertaining to  or derived from furile; as furilic acid.
Furioso,With great force or vigor; vehemently.
Furld,of Furl
Furling,of Furl
Furloughed,of Furlough
Furloughing,of Furlough
Furmonty,Alt. of Furmity
Furmity,Same as Frumenty.
Furniment,Furniture.
Furnished,of Furnish
Furnishing,of Furnish
Furnisher,One who supplies or fits out.
Furoin,A colorless  crystalline substance C10H8O4 from furfurol.
Furore,Excitement; commotion; enthusiasm.
Furrier,A dealer in furs; one who makes or sells fur goods.
Furriery,Furs  in general.
Furrow,A trench in the earth made by  or as by a plow.
Furrowed,of Furrow
Furrowing,of Furrow
Furrowy,Furrowed.
Furry,Covered with fur; dressed in fur.
Further,To a greater distance; in addition; moreover. See Farther.
Furthered,of Further
Furthering,of Further
Fartherer,One who furthers. or helps to advance; a promoter.
Furthermore,or conj. Moreover; besides; in addition to what has been said.
Furthermost,Most remote; furthest.
Furthersome,Tending to further  advance or promote; helpful; advantageous.
Furthest,superl. Most remote; most in advance; farthest. See Further  a.
Furtively,Stealthily by theft.
Fury,A thief.
Furzechat,The whinchat; -- called also furzechuck.
Furzen,Furzy; gorsy.
Furzy,bounding in  or overgrown with furze; characterized by furze.
Fusain,Fine charcoal of willow wood  used as a drawing implement.
Fuscation,A darkening; obscurity; obfuscation.
Fuscine,A dark-colored substance obtained from empyreumatic animal oil.
Fuscous,Brown or grayish black; darkish.
Fused,of Fuse
Fusing,of Fuse
Fuse,To liquefy by heat; to render fiuid; to dissolve; to melt.
Fusee,A flintlock gun. See 2d Fusil.
Fusel,Alt. of Fusel oil
Fusibility,The quality of being fusible.
Fusible,CapabIe of being melted or liquefied.
Fusil,Capable of being melted or rendered fluid by heat; fusible.
Fusile,Same as Fusil  a.
Fusileer,Alt. of Fusilier
Fusilier,Formerly  a soldier armed with a fusil. Hence in the plural:
Fusillade,A simultaneous discharge of firearms.
Fusillader,of Fusillade
Fusillading,of Fusillade
Fusome,Handy; reat; handsome; notable.
Fuss,A tumult; a bustle; unnecessary or annoying ado about trifles.
Fussed,of Fuss
Fussing,of Fuss
Fussily,In a fussy manner.
Fussiness,The quality of being fussy.
Fust,A strong  musty smell; mustiness.
Fusted,Moldy; ill-smelling.
Fusteric,The coloring matter of fustet.
Fustianist,A writer of fustian.
Fustigate,To cudgel.
Fustigation,A punishment by beating with a stick or club; cudgeling.
Fastilarian,A low fellow; a stinkard; a scoundrel.
Fustilug,Alt. of Fustilugs
Fustilugs,A gross  fat unwieldy person.
Fusty,Moldy; musty; ill-smelling; rank.
Fussure,Act of fusing; fusion.
Futile,Talkative; loquacious; tattling.
Futilely,In a futile manner.
Futilous,Futile; trifling.
Futurable,Capable of being future; possible to occur.
Futureless,Without prospect of betterment in the future.
Futurely,In time to come.
Futuritial,Relating to what is to come; pertaining to futurity; future.
Futurition,The state of being future; futurity.
Futurities,of Futurity
Futurity,State of being that is yet to come; future state.
Fuzz,To make drunk.
Fuzzle,To make drunk; to intoxicate; to fuddle.
Fuzzy,Not firmly woven; that ravels.
Fyrd,Alt. of Fyrdung
Fytte,See Fit a song.
Gabarage,A kind of coarse cloth for packing goods.
Gabardine,Alt. of Gaberdine
Gabber,A liar; a deceiver.
Gabbled,of Gabble
Gabbling,of Gabble
Gabble,To talk fast  or to talk without meaning; to prate; to jabber.
Gabbier,One who gabbles; a prater.
Gabel,A rent  service tribute custom tax impost or duty; an excise.
Gabeler,A collector of gabels or taxes.
Gabelle,A tax  especially on salt.
Gabelleman,A gabeler.
Gaber-lunzie,A beggar with a wallet; a licensed beggar.
Gabert,A lighter  or vessel for inland navigation.
Gabionage,The part of a fortification built of gabions.
Gabioned,Furnished with gabions.
Gabionnade,See Gabionade.
Gable,A cable.
Gablock,A false spur or gaff  fitted on the heel of a gamecock.
Gaby,A simpleton; a dunce; a lout.
Gad,The point of a spear  or an arrowhead.
Gadded,of Gad
Gadding,of Gad
Gadabout,A gadder
Gadbee,The gadfly.
Gadder,One who roves about idly  a rambling gossip.
Gaddingly,In a roving  idle manner.
Gaddish,Disposed to gad.
Gade,A small British fish (Motella argenteola) of the Cod family.
Gadere,Alt. of Gadre
Gadre,To gather.
Gadflies,of Gadfly
Gaditanian,Of or relating to Cadiz  in Spain.
Gadling,See Gad  n. 4.
Gadman,A gadsman.
Gadolinic,Pertaining to or containing gadolinium.
Gadsman,One who uses a gad or goad in driving.
Gaffed,of Gaff
Gaffing,of Gaff
Gaffer,An old fellow; an aged rustic.
Gaffle,An artificial spur or gaff for gamecocks.
Gagged,of Gag
Gagging,of Gag
Gagate,Agate.
Gaged,of Gage
Gaging,of Gage
Gager,A measurer. See Gauger.
Gagger,One who gags.
Gaggled,of Gaggle
Gaggling,of Gaggle
Gaggle,To make a noise like a goose; to cackle.
Gagtooth,A projecting tooth.
Gag-toothed,Having gagteeth.
Gahnite,Zinc spinel; automolite.
Gaiety,Same as Gayety.
Gailer,A jailer.
Gaillard,Gay; brisk; merry; galliard.
Gailliarde,A lively French and Italian dance.
Gaily,Merrily; showily. See gaily.
Gained,of Gain
Gaining,of Gain
Gainable,Capable of being obtained or reached.
Gainer,One who gains.
Gainful,Profitable; advantageous; lucrative.
Gaingiving,A misgiving.
Gainless,Not producing gain; unprofitable.
Gainly,Handily; readily; dexterously; advantageously.
Gainsaid,of Gainsay
Gainsaying,of Gainsay
Gainsay,To contradict; to deny; to controvert; to dispute; to forbid.
Gainsayer,One who gainsays  contradicts or denies.
Gainsome,Gainful.
'Gainst,A contraction of Against.
Gainstood,of Gainstand
gainstanding,of Gainstand
Gainstand,To withstand; to resist.
Gainstrive,To strive or struggle against; to withstand.
Gairfowl,See Garefowl.
Gairish,Alt. of Gairish/ness
Gairishly,Alt. of Gairish/ness
Gairish/ness,Same as Garish  Garishly Garishness.
Gait,A going; a walk; a march; a way.
Gaitre,Alt. of Gaytre
Gaytre,The dogwood tree.
Gala,Pomp  show or festivity.
Galacta-gogue,An agent exciting secretion of milk.
Galactic,Of or pertaining to milk; got from milk; as  galactic acid.
Galactodensimeter,Same as Galactometer.
Galactophagist,One who eats  or subsists on milk.
Galactophagous,Feeding on milk.
Galage,See Galoche.
Galagos,of Galago
Galago,A genus of African lemurs  including numerous species.
Galanga,Alt. of Galangal
Galaxies,of Galaxy
Galban,Alt. of Galbanum
Galea,The upper lip or helmet-shaped part of a labiate flower.
Galeas,See Galleass.
Galeate,Alt. of Galeated
Galei,That division of elasmobranch fishes which includes the sharks.
Galena,A remedy or antidose for poison; theriaca.
Galenic,Alt. of Galenical
Galenical,Pertaining to  or containing galena.
Galenism,The doctrines of Galen.
Galenist,A follower of Galen.
Galenite,Galena; lead ore.
Galericu-late,Covered as with a hat or cap.
Galerite,A cretaceous fossil sea urchin of the genus Galerites.
Galled,of Gall
Galling,of Gall
Gallant,Showy; splendid; magnificent; gay; well-dressed.
Gallanted,of Gallant
Gallanting,of Gallant
Gallantly,In a polite or courtly manner; like a gallant or wooer.
Gallantness,The quality of being gallant.
Gallantries,of Gallantry
Gallantry,Splendor of appearance; ostentatious finery.
Gallate,A salt of gallic acid.
Gallature,The tread  treadle or chalasa of an egg.
Gallegan,Alt. of Gallego
Gallego,A native or inhabitant of Galicia  in Spain; a Galician.
Galleot,See Galiot.
Galleries,of Gallery
Galletyle,A little tile of glazed earthenware.
Galleys,of Galley
Galley-bird,The European green woodpecker; also  the spotted woodpecker.
Gallflies,of Gallfly
Gallian,Gallic; French.
Galliard,Gay; brisk; active.
Galliardise,Excessive gayety; merriment.
Galliardness,Gayety.
Galliass,Same as Galleass.
Gallic,Pertaining to  or containing gallium.
Gallicized,of Gallicize
Gallicizing,of Gallicize
Gallicize,To conform to the French mode or idiom.
Gallied,Worried; flurried; frightened.
Galliform,Like the Gallinae (or Galliformes) in structure.
Gallimatia,Senseless talk. [Obs. or R.] See Galimatias.
Gallimaufries,of Gallimaufry
Gallimaufry,A hash of various kinds of meats  a ragout.
Gallin,A substance obtained by the reduction of gallein.
Gallinaceae,Same as Gallinae.
Gallinacean,One of the Gallinae or gallinaceous birds.
Gallinipper,A large mosquito.
Galliot,See Galiot.
Gallipoli oil,An inferior kind of olive oil  brought from Gallipoli in Italy.
Gallomania,An excessive admiration of what is French.
Gallooned,Furnished or adorned with galloon.
Galloped,of Gallop
Galloping,of Gallop
Gallopade,I horsemanship  a sidelong or curveting kind of gallop.
Gallopaded,of Gallopade
Gallopading,of Gallopade
Galloper,One who  or that which gallops.
Gallotannic,Pertaining to the tannin or nutgalls.
Gallow,To fright or terrify. See Gally  v. t.
Gallowses,of Gallows
Gallows,of Gallows
Gally,To frighten; to worry.
Gallygaskins,See Galligaskins.
Galoche,Alt. of Galoshe
Galoshe,A clog or patten.
Galoot,A noisy  swaggering or worthless fellow; a rowdy.
Galore,Plenty; abundance; in abundance.
Galpe,To gape ; to yawn.
Galsome,Angry; malignant.
Galt,Same as Gault.
Galvanist,One versed in galvanism.
Galvanization,The act of process of galvanizing.
Galvanized,of Galvanize
Galvanizing,of Galvanize
Galvanizer,One who  or that which galvanize.
Galvanoglyphy,Same as Glyphography.
Galvanographic,Of or pertaining to galvanography.
Galvanology,A treatise on galvanism  or a description of its phenomena.
Galvanometric,Of  pertaining to or measured by a galvanometer.
Galvanometry,The art or process of measuring the force of electric currents.
Galvanoplasty,The art or process of electrotypy.
Galvanopuncture,Same as Electro-puncture.
Galvanoscopic,Of or pertaining to a galvanoscope.
Galvanoscopy,The use of galvanism in physiological experiments.
Galvanotonus,Same as Electrotonus.
Galwes,Gallows.
Gamba,A viola da gamba.
Gambadoes,Same as Gamashes.
Gambeson,Same as Gambison.
Gambet,Any bird of the genuis Totanus. See Tattler.
Gambist,A performer upon the viola di gamba. See under Viola.
Gambled,of Gamble
Gambling,of Gamble
Gamble,To play or game for money or other stake.
Gambler,One who gambles.
Gambogian,Alt. of Gambogic
Gambogic,Pertaining to  resembling or containing gamboge.
Gambol,A skipping or leaping about in frolic; a hop; a sportive prank.
Gamboled,of Gambol
Gambolled,of Gambol
Gamboling,of Gambol
Gambolling,of Gambol
Gambrel,The hind leg of a horse.
Gambroon,A kind of twilled linen cloth for lining.
Game,Crooked; lame; as  a game leg.
Gamed,of Game
Gaming,of Game
Gamecock,The male game fowl.
Gameful,Full of game or games.
Gamekeeper,One who has the care of game  especially in a park or preserve.
Gameless,Destitute of game.
Gamely,In a plucky manner; spiritedly.
Gameness,Endurance; pluck.
Gamesome,Gay; sportive; playful; frolicsome; merry.
Gamester,A merry  frolicsome person.
Gamin,A neglected and untrained city boy; a young street Arab.
Gamma,The third letter (/  / = Eng. G) of the Greek alphabet.
Gammer,An old wife; an old woman; -- correlative of gaffer  an old man.
Gammoned,of Gammon
Gammoning,of Gammon
Gamogenetic,Relating to gamogenesis.
Gamophyllous,Composed of leaves united by their edges (coalescent).
Gamosepalous,Formed of united sepals; monosepalous.
Gamut,The scale.
Gan,Began; commenced.
Gander,The male of any species of goose.
Gane,To yawn; to gape.
Ganesa,The Hindoo god of wisdom or prudence.
Gang,To go; to walk.
Ganger,One who oversees a gang of workmen.
Gangetic,Pertaining to  or inhabiting the Ganges; as the Gangetic shark.
Gangion,A short line attached to a trawl. See Trawl  n.
Gangliac,Alt. of Ganglial
Ganglial,Relating to a ganglion; ganglionic.
Gangliate,Alt. of Gangliated
Gangliform,Alt. of Ganglioform
Ganglioform,Having the form of a ganglion.
Ganglia,of Ganglion
Ganglions,of Ganglion
Ganglionary,Ganglionic.
Gangrel,Wandering; vagrant.
Gangrenate,To gangrene.
Gangrened,of Gangrene
Gangrening,of Gangrene
Gangrenescent,Tending to mortification or gangrene.
Gangrenous,Affected by  or produced by gangrene; of the nature of gangrene.
Gangue,The mineral or earthy substance associated with metallic ore.
Ganil,A kind of brittle limestone.
Ganister,Alt. of Gannister
Ganocephalous,Of or pertaining to the Ganocephala.
Ganoid,Of or pertaining to Ganoidei. -- n. One of the Ganoidei.
Ganoidal,Ganoid.
Ganoidian,Ganoid.
Ganoine,A peculiar bony tissue beneath the enamel of a ganoid scale.
Gansa,Same as Ganza.
Gantlope,See Gantlet.
Gantry,See Gauntree.
Gaoler,The keeper of a jail. See Jailer.
Gaped,of Gape
Gaping,of Gape
Gape,To open the mouth wide
The gapes,A fit of yawning.
Gaper,One who gapes.
Gapeseed,Any strange sight.
Gapesing,Act of gazing about; sightseeing.
Gapingstock,One who is an object of open-mouthed wonder.
Gap-toothed,Having interstices between the teeth.
Garb,Clothing in general.
Garbed,Dressed; habited; clad.
Garbel,Same as Garboard.
Garbled,of Garble
Garbling,of Garble
Garbler,One who garbles.
Garboil,Tumult; disturbance; disorder.
Gard,Garden.
Gardened,of Garden
Gardening,of Garden
Gardener,One who makes and tends a garden; a horticulturist.
Gardenless,Destitute of a garden.
Gardenly,Like a garden.
Gardenship,Horticulture.
Gardon,A European cyprinoid fish; the id.
Gare,Coarse wool on the legs of sheep.
Garefowl,The great auk; also  the razorbill. See Auk.
Gargalize,To gargle; to rinse.
Gargarism,A gargle.
Gargarize,To gargle; to rinse or wash  as the mouth and throat.
Garget,The throat.
Gargil,A distemper in geese  affecting the head.
Gargle,See Gargoyle.
Garggled,of Gargle
Gargling,of Gargle
Gargol,A distemper in swine; garget.
Gargoulette,A water cooler or jug with a handle and spout; a gurglet.
Gargyle,See Gargoyle.
Garish,Showy; dazzling; ostentatious; attracting or exciting attention.
Garland,The crown of a king.
Garlanded,of Garland
Garlanding,of Garland
Garlandless,Destitute of a garland.
Garlicky,Like or containing garlic.
Garment,Any article of clothing  as a coat a gown etc.
Garmented,Having on a garment; attired; enveloped  as with a garment.
Garmenture,Clothing; dress.
Garnered,of Garner
Garnering,of Garner
Garnetiferous,Containing garnets.
Garnished,of Garnish
Garnishing,of Garnish
Garnisheed,of Garnishee
Garnisheeing,of Garnishee
Garnisher,One who  or that which garnishes.
Garnishment,Ornament; embellishment; decoration.
Garookuh,A small fishing vessel met with in the Persian Gulf.
Garous,Pertaining to  or resembling garum.
Gar pike,Alt. of Garpike
Garpike,See under Gar.
Garran,See Galloway.
Garret,A turret; a watchtower.
Garreted,Protected by turrets.
Garreteer,One who lives in a garret; a poor author; a literary hack.
Garrison,A body of troops stationed in a fort or fortified town.
Garrisoned,of Garrison
Garrisoning,of Garrison
Garron,Same as Garran.
Garroted,of Garrote
Garroting,of Garrote
Garrulity,Talkativeness; loquacity.
Garter,A band used to prevent a stocking from slipping down on the leg.
Gartered,of Garter
Gartering,of Garter
Garth,A close; a yard; a croft; a garden; as  a cloister garth.
Garum,A sauce made of small fish. It was prized by the ancients.
Garvie,The sprat; -- called also garvie herring  and garvock.
Gases,of Gas
Gasalier,A chandelier arranged to burn gas.
Gascoines,See Gaskins  1.
Gasconaded,of Gasconade
Gasconading,of Gasconade
Gasconader,A great boaster; a blusterer.
Gascoynes,Gaskins.
Gaseity,State of being gaseous.
Gaseous,In the form  or of the nature of gas or of an aeriform fluid.
Gashed,of Gash
Gashing,of Gash
Gashful,Full of gashes; hideous; frightful.
Gasification,The act or process of converting into gas.
Gasiform,Having a form of gas; gaseous.
Gasified,of Gasify
Gasifying,of Gasify
Gaskins,Loose hose or breeches; galligaskins.
Gaslight,The light yielded by the combustion of illuminating gas.
Gasolene,See Gasoline.
Gasolier,Same as Gasalier.
Gasometric,Alt. of Gasometrical
Gasped,of Gasp
Gasping,of Gasp
Gaspereau,The alewife.
Gast,To make aghast; to frighten; to terrify. See Aghast.
Gaster,To gast.
Gasteropod,Same as Gastropod.
Gasteropoda,Same as Gastropoda.
Gasteropodous,Same as Gastropodous.
Gastful,Alt. of Gastly
Gastly,See Ghastful  Ghastly.
Gastness,See Ghastness.
Gastornis,A genus of large eocene birds from the Paris basin.
Gastralgia,Pain in the stomach or epigastrium  as in gastric disorders.
Gastriloquist,One who appears to speak from his stomach; a ventriloquist.
Gastriloquous,Ventriloquous.
Gastritis,Inflammation of the stomach  esp. of its mucuos membrane.
Gastrocnemius,The muscle which makes the greater part of the calf of the leg.
Gastroenteric,Gastrointestinal.
Gastroepiploic,Of or pertaining to the stomach and omentum.
Gastrohysterotomy,Caesarean section. See under Caesarean.
Gastrointestinal,Of or pertaining to the stomach and intestines; gastroenteric.
Gastrolith,See Crab's eyes  under Crab.
Gastronome,Alt. of Gastronomer
Gastronomer,One fond of good living; an epicure.
Gastronomic,Alt. of Gastronomical
Gastronomical,Pertaining to gastromony.
Gastronomist,A gastromomer.
Gastropod,One of the Gastropoda.
Gastropodous,Of or pertaining to the Gastropoda.
Gastroraphy,The operation of sewing up wounds of the abdomen.
Gastroscopic,Of or pertaining to gastroscopy.
Gastroscopy,Examination of the abdomen or stomach  as with the gastroscope.
Gastrostege,One of the large scales on the belly of a serpent.
Gastrotomy,A cutting into  or opening of the abdomen or the stomach.
Gastrotrocha,A form of annelid larva having cilia on the ventral side.
Gastrulae,of Gastrula
Gastrura,See Stomatopoda.
Gastrurous,Pertaining to the Gastrura.
Gat,imp. of Get.
Gated,Having gates.
Gatehouse,A house connected or associated with a gate.
Gateless,Having no gate.
Gateman,A gate keeper; a gate tender.
Gatewise,In the manner of a gate.
Gathered,of Gather
Gathering,of Gather
Gatherable,Capable of being gathered or collected; deducible from premises.
Gatherer,One who gathers or collects.
Gat-toothed,Goat-toothed; having a lickerish tooth; lustful; wanton.
Gauche,Left handed; hence  awkward; clumsy.
Gaucherie,An awkward action; clumsiness; boorishness.
Gauchos,of Gaucho
Gaud,Trick; jest; sport.
Gauded,of Gaud
Gauding,of Gaud
Gaud-day,See Gaudy  a feast.
Gaudery,Finery; ornaments; ostentatious display.
Gaudful,Joyful; showy.
Gaudily,In a gaudy manner.
Gaudiness,The quality of being gaudy.
Gaudish,Gaudy.
Gaudless,Destitute of ornament.
Gaudy,Ostentatiously fine; showy; gay  but tawdry or meretricious.
Gaudies,of Gaudy
Gaudygreen,Light green.
Gauffer,To plait  crimp or flute; to goffer as lace. See Goffer.
Gauffering,A mode of plaiting or fluting.
Gauffre,A gopher  esp. the pocket gopher.
Gauged,of Gauge
Gauging,of Gauge
Gauge,To measure or determine with a gauge.
Gaugeable,Capable of being gauged.
Gauger-ship,The office of a gauger.
Gauging rod,See Gauge rod  under Gauge n.
Gaulish,Pertaining to ancient France  or Gaul; Gallic.
Gauntlet,See Gantlet.
Gauntletted,Wearing a gauntlet.
Gauntly,In a gaunt manner; meagerly.
Gauntree,Alt. of Gauntry
Gauntry,A frame for supporting barrels in a cellar or elsewhere.
Gaure,To gaze; to stare.
Gauziness,The quality of being gauzy; flimsiness.
Gauzy,Pertaining to  or resembling gauze; thin and slight as gauze.
Gave,imp. of Give.
Gavel,A gable.
Gaveloche,Same as Gavelock.
Gavelock,A spear or dart.
Gaverick,The European red gurnard (Trigla cuculus).
Gaviae,The division of birds which includes the gulls and terns.
Gawby,A baby; a dunce.
Gawk,A cuckoo.
Gawn,A small tub or lading vessel.
Gawntree,See Gauntree.
Gayal,A Southern Asiatic species of wild cattle (Bibos frontalis).
Gayeties,of Gayety
Gayly,With mirth and frolic; merrily; blithely; gleefully.
Gayne,To avail.
Gayness,Gayety; finery.
Gaysome,Full of gayety. Mir. for Mag.
Gazed,of Gaze
Gazing,of Gaze
Gazeebo,A summerhouse so situated as to command an extensive prospect.
Gazeful,Gazing.
Gazehound,A hound that pursues by the sight rather than by the scent.
Gazel,The black currant; also  the wild plum.
Gazement,View.
Gazer,One who gazes.
Gazetted,of Gazette
Gazetting,of Gazette
Ge-,An Anglo-Saxon prefix. See Y-.
Geal,To congeal.
Gear,Clothing; garments; ornaments.
Geared,of Gear
Gearing,of Gear
Geason,Rare; wonderful.
Gecarcinian,A land crab of the genus Gecarcinus  or of allied genera.
Geck,Scorn  derision or contempt.
Geckoes,of Gecko
Geckotian,A gecko.
Ged,Alt. of Gedd
Gedd,The European pike.
Geed,of Gee
Geeing,of Gee
Gee,To agree; to harmonize.
Geer,Alt. of Geering
Geering,See Gear  Gearing.
Geese,pl. of Goose.
Geest,Alluvial matter on the surface of land  not of recent origin.
Geet,Jet.
Geic,Pertaining to  or derived from earthy or vegetable mold.
Gein,See Humin.
Gelastic,Pertaining to laughter; used in laughing.
Gelatification,The formation of gelatin.
Gelatin,Alt. of Gelatine
Gelatinated,of Gelatinate
Gelatinating,of Gelatinate
Gelatinate,To convert into gelatin  or into a substance resembling jelly.
Gelatiniferous,Yielding gelatin on boiling with water; capable of gelatination.
Gelatiniform,Having the form of gelatin.
Gelatinization,Same as Gelatination.
Gelatinize,To convert into gelatin or jelly. Same as Gelatinate  v. t.
Geld,Money; tribute; compensation; ransom.
Gelded,of Geld
Gelding,of Geld
Geldable,Capable of being gelded.
Gelder,One who gelds or castrates.
Gelder-rose,Same as Guelder-rose.
Gelid,Cold; very cold; frozen.
Gelidity,The state of being gelid.
Gelidly,In a gelid manner; coldly.
Gelidness,The state of being gelid; gelidity.
Gelly,Jelly.
Geloscopy,Divination by means of laughter.
Gelsemic,Gelseminic.
Gelt,Trubute  tax.
Gem,A bud.
Gemmed,of Gem
Gemming,of Gem
Gemaric,Pertaining to the Gemara.
Gemarist,One versed in the Gemara  or adhering to its teachings.
Gemel,Coupled; paired.
Gemellipa-rous,Producing twins.
Geminal,A pair.
Gemination,A doubling; duplication; repetition.
Geminiflorous,Having the flowers arranged in pairs.
Geminous,Double; in pairs.
Geminy,Twins; a pair; a couple.
Gemitores,A division of birds including the true pigeons.
Gemmae,of Gemma
Gemma,A leaf bud  as distinguished from a flower bud.
Gemmary,Of or pertaining to gems.
Gemmate,Having buds; reproducing by buds.
Gemmated,Having buds; adorned with gems or jewels.
Gemmeous,Pertaining to gems; of the nature of gems; resembling gems.
Gemmiferous,Producing gems or buds
Gemmification,The production of a bud or gem.
Gemmiflorate,Having flowers like buds.
Gemminess,The state or quality of being gemmy; spruceness; smartness.
Gemmipara,Alt. of Gemmipares
Gemmipares,Animals which increase by budding  as hydroids.
Gemmiparity,Reproduction by budding; gemmation. See Budding.
Gemmiparous,Producing buds; reproducing by buds. See Gemmation  1.
Gemmosity,The quality or characteristics of a gem or jewel.
Gemmulation,See Gemmation.
Gemmule,A little leaf bud  as the plumule between the cotyledons.
Gemmuliferous,Bearing or producing gemmules or buds.
Gemmy,Full of gems; bright; glittering like a gem.
Gems,The chamois.
Gems-horn,An organ stop with conical tin pipes.
Gena,The cheek; the feathered side of the under mandible of a bird.
Gendarmes,of Gendarme
Gens d'armes,of Gendarme
Gendarme,One of a body of heavy cavalry.
Gendarmery,The body of gendarmes.
Gender,Kind; sort.
Gendered,of Gender
Gendering,of Gender
Genderless,Having no gender.
Geneagenesis,Alternate generation. See under Generation.
Genealogic,Genealogical.
Genealogize,To investigate  or relate the history of descents.
Genealogies,of Genealogy
Genearch,The chief of a family or tribe.
Genera,See Genus.
Generability,Capability of being generated.
Generable,Capable of being generated or produced.
Generalia,Generalities; general terms.
Generalities,of Generality
Generalized,of Generalize
Generalizing,of Generalize
Generalizer,One who takes general or comprehensive views.
Generalty,Generality.
Generant,Generative; producing
Generated,of Generate
Generating,of Generate
Generation,The act of generating or begetting; procreation  as of animals.
Generator,One who  or that which generates begets causes or produces.
Generatrices,of Generatrix
Generatrixes,of Generatrix
Generic,Alt. of Generical
Genericalness,The quality of being generic.
Generification,The act or process of generalizing.
Generosity,Noble birth.
Generous,Of honorable birth or origin; highborn.
Genesial,Of or relating to generation.
Genesiolgy,The doctrine or science of generation.
Genet,Alt. of Genette
Genethliacal,Genethliac.
Genethliatic,One who calculates nativities.
Genetic,Same as Genetical.
Genetically,In a genetical manner.
Geneva,The chief city of Switzerland.
Genevan,Of or pertaining to Geneva  in Switzerland; Genevese.
Genevanism,Strict Calvinism.
Genevese,Of or pertaining to Geneva  in Switzerland; Genevan.
Genial,Same as Genian.
Genially,By genius or nature; naturally.
Genialness,The quality of being genial.
Genian,Of or pertaining to the chin; mental; as  the genian prominence.
Geniculated,of Geniculate
Geniculating,of Geniculate
Geniculation,The act of kneeling.
Genie,See Genius.
Genio,A man of a particular turn of mind.
Genista,A genus of plants including the common broom of Western Europe.
Genital,Pertaining to generation  or to the generative organs.
Genitals,The organs of generation; the sexual organs; the private parts.
Geniting,A species of apple that ripens very early.
Genitor,One who begets; a generator; an originator.
Genitourinary,See Urogenital.
Geniture,Generation; procreation; birth.
Geniuses,of Genius
Genii,of Genius
Genoese,Of or pertaining to Genoa  a city of Italy.
Genouillere,A metal plate covering the knee.
Gentes,of Gens
Gent,Gentle; noble; of gentle birth.
Genteelish,Somewhat genteel.
Genteelly,In a genteel manner.
Genteelness,The quality of being genteel.
Genterie,Alt. of Gentrie
Gentrie,Nobility of birth or of character; gentility.
Gentianella,A kind of blue color.
Gentianic,Pertaining to or derived from the gentian; as  gentianic acid.
Gentianine,A bitter  crystallizable substance obtained from gentian.
Gentil,Gentle.
Gentile-falcon,See Falcon-gentil.
Gentilesse,Gentleness; courtesy; kindness; nobility.
Gentilish,Heathenish; pagan.
Gentilism,Hethenism; paganism; the worship of false gods.
Gentilitial,Alt. of Gentilitious
Gentilitious,Peculiar to a people; national.
Gentility,Good extraction; dignity of birth.
Gentilize,To live like a gentile or heathen.
Gentilly,In a gentle or hoble manner; frankly.
Gentlefolk,Alt. of Gentlefolks
Gentlefolks,Persons of gentle or good family and breeding.
Gentle-hearted,Having a kind or gentle disposition.
Gentlemen,of Gentleman
Gentlemanhood,The qualities or condition of a gentleman.
Gentlemanlike,Alt. of Gentlemanly
Gentlemanliness,The state of being gentlemanly; gentlemanly conduct or manners.
Gentlemanship,The carriage or quality of a gentleman.
Gentleship,The deportment or conduct of a gentleman.
Gentlesse,Gentilesse; gentleness.
Gentlewomen,of Gentlewoman
Gently,In a gentle manner.
Gentoos,of Gentoo
Gentoo,A native of Hindostan; a Hindoo.
Gentry,Birth; condition; rank by birth.
Genty,Neat; trim.
Genua,of Genu
Genu,The knee.
Genuflected,of Genuflect
Genuflecting,of Genuflect
Genuflect,To bend the knee  as in worship.
Genuflection,The act of bending the knee  particularly in worship.
Genys,See Gonys.
Geocentric,Alt. of Geocentrical
Geocentrically,In a geocentric manner.
Geodephagous,Living in the earth; -- applied to the ground beetles.
Geodesic,Alt. of Geodesical
Geodesical,Of or pertaining to geodesy; geodetic.
Geodesist,One versed in geodesy.
Geodetic,Alt. of Geodetical
Geodetically,In a geodetic manner; according to geodesy.
Geodetics,Same as Geodesy.
Geodiferous,Producing geodes; containing geodes.
Geognosis,Knowledge of the earth.
Geognost,One versed in geognosy; a geologist.
Geognostic,Alt. of Geognostical
Geogonic,Alt. of Geogonical
Geogonical,Of or pertaining to geogony  or to the formation of the earth.
Geographer,One versed in geography.
Geographic,Alt. of Geographical
Geographical,Of or pertaining to geography.
Geographically,In a geographical manner or method; according to geography.
Geographies,of Geography
Geolatry,The worship of the earth.
Geologer,Alt. of Geologian
Geologian,A geologist.
Geologic,Alt. of Geological
Geological,Of or pertaining to geology  or the science of the earth.
Geologically,In a geological manner.
Geologist,One versed in the science of geology.
Geologized,of Geologize
Geologizing,of Geologize
Geologies,of Geology
Geomancer,One who practices  or is versed in geomancy.
Geomantic,Alt. of Geomantical
Geomantical,Pertaining or belonging to geomancy.
Geometer,One skilled in geometry; a geometrician; a mathematician.
Geometral,Pertaining to geometry.
Geometric,Alt. of Geometrical
Geometrically,According to the rules or laws of geometry.
Geometrician,One skilled in geometry; a geometer; a mathematician.
Geometrid,Pertaining or belonging to the Geometridae.
Geometrized,of Geometrize
Geometrizing,of Geometrize
Geometries,of Geometry
Geophagism,The act or habit of eating earth. See Dirt eating  under Dirt.
Geophagist,One who eats earth  as dirt clay chalk etc.
Geophagous,Earth-eating.
Geoponic,Alt. of Geoponical
Geoponical,Pertaining to tillage of the earth  or agriculture.
Geoponics,The art or science of cultivating the earth; agriculture.
Geordie,A name given by miners to George Stephenson's safety lamp.
George noble,A gold noble of the time of Henry VIII. See Noble  n.
Georgical,Relating to agriculture and rural affairs.
Georgium Sidus,The planet Uranus  so named by its discoverer Sir W. Herschel.
Geoscopy,Knowledge of the earth  ground or soil obtained by inspection.
Geostatic,Relating to the pressure exerted by earth or similar substance.
Geotic,Belonging to earth; terrestrial.
Geotropic,Relating to  or showing geotropism.
Gephyrean,Belonging to the Gephyrea. -- n. One of the Gerphyrea.
Gephyreoid,Gephyrean.
Gepound,See Gipoun.
Gerah,A small coin and weight; 1-20th of a shekel.
Geraniine,Alt. of Geranine
Gerbe,A kind of ornamental firework.
Gerbil,Alt. of Gerbille
Gerboa,The jerboa.
Gere,Gear.
Gerent,Bearing; carrying.
Gerfalcon,See Gyrfalcon.
Gerful,Changeable; capricious.
Gerland,Alt. of Gerlond
Gerlond,A garland.
Gerlind,A salmon returning from the sea the second time.
Germain,See Germane.
German,Nearly related; closely akin.
Germans,of German
Germanic,Pertaining to  or containing germanium.
Germanism,An idiom of the German language.
Germanization,The act of Germanizing.
Germanized,of Germanize
Germanizing,of Germanize
Germarium,An organ in which the ova are developed in certain Turbellaria.
Germens,of Germen
Germina,of Germen
Germen,See Germ.
Germicidal,Germicide.
Germinal,Pertaining or belonging to a germ; as  the germinal vesicle.
Germinant,Sprouting; sending forth germs or buds.
Germinated,of Germinate
Germinating,of Germinate
Germinative,Pertaining to germination; having power to bud or develop.
Germiparity,Reproduction by means of germs.
Germless,Without germs.
Germ plasm,See Plasmogen  and Idioplasm.
Germule,A small germ.
Gern,To grin or yawn.
Gerner,A garner.
Gerocomia,See Gerocomy.
Gerocomical,Pertaining to gerocomy.
Gerocomy,That part of medicine which treats of regimen for old people.
Gerontocracy,Government by old men.
Gerrymandered,of Gerrymander
Gerrymandering,of Gerrymander
Gerundial,Pertaining to  or resembling a gerund; as a gerundial use.
Gerundively,In the manner of a gerund; as  or in place of a gerund.
Gery,Changeable; fickle.
Gesling,A gosling.
Gesse,To guess.
Gest,A guest.
Gestant,Bearing within; laden; burdened; pregnant.
Gestation,The act of wearing (clothes or ornaments).
Gestatory,Pertaining to gestation or pregnancy.
Geste,To tell stories or gests.
Gestic,Pertaining to deeds or feats of arms; legendary.
Gesticulated,of Gesticulate
Gesticulating,of Gesticulate
Gesticulate,To make gestures or motions  as in speaking; to use postures.
Gesticulator,One who gesticulates.
Gesticulatory,Representing by  or belonging to gestures.
Gestour,A reciter of gests or legendary tales; a story-teller.
Gestural,Relating to gesture.
Gestured,of Gesture
Gesturing,of Gesture
Gestureless,Free from gestures.
Gesturement,Act of making gestures; gesturing.
Get,Jet  the mineral.
Got,of Get
Gotten,of Get
Getting,of Get
Geten,p. p. of Get.
Geth,the original third pers. sing. pres. of Go.
Get-penny,Something which gets or gains money; a successful affair.
Gettable,That may be obtained.
Getter,One who gets  gains obtains acquires begets or procreates.
Gharry,Any wheeled cart or carriage.
Ghast,To strike aghast; to affright.
Ghastful,Fit to make one aghast; dismal.
Ghastliness,The state of being ghastly; a deathlike look.
Ghastly,Like a ghost in appearance; deathlike; pale; pallid; dismal.
Ghastness,Ghastliness.
Ghat,Alt. of Ghaut
Ghaut,A pass through a mountain.
Ghawazi,Egyptian dancing girls  of a lower sort than the almeh.
Gheber Ghebre,A worshiper of fire; a Zoroastrian; a Parsee.
Gherkin,A kind of small  prickly cucumber much used for pickles.
Ghess,See Guess.
Ghetto,The Jews'quarter in an Italian town or city.
Ghole,See Ghoul.
Ghost,The spirit; the soul of man.
Ghostfish,A pale unspotted variety of the wrymouth.
Ghostless,Without life or spirit.
Ghostlike,Like a ghost; ghastly.
Ghostliness,The quality of being ghostly.
Ghostology,Ghost lore.
Ghoulish,Characteristic of a ghoul; vampirelike; hyenalike.
Ghyll,A ravine. See Gill a woody glen.
Giambeux,Greaves; armor for the legs.
Giant,A man of extraordinari bulk and stature.
Giantess,A woman of extraordinary size.
Giantize,To play the giant.
Giantly,Appropriate to a giant.
Giantry,The race of giants.
Gib,A male cat; a tomcat.
Gibbed,of Gib
Gibbing,of Gib
Gibber,A balky horse.
Gibbered,of Gibber
Gibbering,of Gibber
Gibbeted,of Gibbet
Gibbeting,of Gibbet
Gibbier,Wild fowl; game.
Gib boom,See Jib boom.
Gibbostity,The state of being gibbous or gibbose; gibbousness.
Gibbsite,A hydrate of alumina.
Gib-cat,A male cat  esp. an old one. See lst Gib. n.
Gibed,of Gibe
Gibing,of Gibe
Gibel,A kind of carp (Cyprinus gibelio); -- called also Prussian carp.
Giber,One who utters gibes.
Gibfish,The male of the salmon.
Gibingly,In a gibing manner; scornfully.
Giblet,Made of giblets; as  a giblet pie.
Gibstaff,A staff to guage water  or to push a boat.
Giddily,In a giddy manner.
Giddiness,The quality or state of being giddy.
Giddy-head,A person without thought fulness  prudence or judgment.
Giddy-headed,Thoughtless; unsteady.
Giddy-paced,Moving irregularly; flighty; fickle.
Gie,To guide. See Gye .
Gier-falcon,The gyrfalcon.
Gif,If.
Giffard injector,See under Injector.
Giffgaff,Mutial accommodation; mutual giving.
Giffy,See Jiffy.
Gifted,of Gift
Gifting,of Gift
Giftedness,The state of being gifted.
Gig,A fiddle.
Gigantean,Like a giant; mighty; gigantic.
Gigantesque,Befitting a giant; bombastic; magniloquent.
Gigantic,Of extraordinary size; like a giant.
Gigantical,Bulky  big.
Giganticide,The act of killing  or one who kills a giant.
Gigantine,Gigantic.
Gigantology,An account or description of giants.
Gide,Alt. of Guide
Gigeria,of Gigerium
Gigerium,The muscular stomach  or gizzard of birds.
Gigget,Same as Gigot.
Giggled,of Giggle
Giggling,of Giggle
Giggler,One who giggles or titters.
Giggly,Prone to giggling.
Giggot,See Gigot.
Giggyng,The act of fastending the gige or leather strap to the shield.
Giglot,Alt. of Giglet
Giglet,A wanton; a lascivious or light  giddy girl.
Gigot,Alt. of Giggot
Gilded,of Gild
Gilt,of Gild
Gilding,of Gild
Gildale,A drinking bout in which every one pays an equal share.
Gilden,Gilded.
Gilder,One who gilds; one whose occupation is to overlay with gold.
Gile,Guile.
Gill,An organ for aquatic respiration; a branchia.
Gill-flirt,A thoughtless  giddy girl; a flirt-gill.
Gillhouse,A shop where gill is sold.
Gillian,A girl; esp.  a wanton; a gill.
Gilour,A guiler; deceiver.
Gilse,See Grilse.
Gilt-edge,Alt. of Gilt-edged
Gilt-edged,Having a gilt edge; as  gilt-edged paper.
Gilthead,A marine fish.
Giltif,Guilty.
Gilttail,A yellow-tailed worm or larva.
Gim,Neat; spruce.
Gimbal,Alt. of Gimbals
Gimblet,See Gimlet.
Gimcrack,A trivial mechanism; a device; a toy; a pretty thing.
Gimleted,of Gimlet
Gimleting,of Gimlet
Gimmer,Alt. of Gimmor
Gimp,Smart; spruce; trim; nice.
Gin,Against; near by; towards; as  gin night.
Gon,of Gin
Gun,of Gin
Ginning,of Gin
Ginned,of Gin
Ging,Same as Gang  n. 2.
Gingal,See Jingal.
Gingerly,Cautiously; timidly; fastidiously; daintily.
Gingerness,Cautiousness; tenderness.
Gingival,Of or pertaining to the gums.
Gingle,See Jingle.
Ginglyform,Ginglymoid.
Ginglymoid,Alt. of Ginglymoidal
Ginglymi,of Ginglymus
Ginhouse,A building where cotton is ginned.
Ginkgoes,of Ginkgo
Ginn,of Ginnee
Ginnee,See Jinnee.
Ginnet,See Genet  a horse.
Ginny-carriage,A small  strong carriage for conveying materials on a railroad.
Ginshop,A shop or barroom where gin is sold as a beverage.
Gip,To take out the entrails of (herrings).
Gipoun,A short cassock.
Gipser,Alt. of Gipsire
Gipsire,A kind of pouch formerly worn at the girdle.
Gipsy,See Gypsy.
Gipsyism,See Gypsyism.
Girandole,An ornamental branched candlestick.
Girasole Girasol,See Heliotrope.
Gird,A stroke with a rod or switch; a severe spasm; a twinge; a pang.
Girt,of Gird
Girded,of Gird
Girding,of Gird
Girder,One who girds; a satirist.
Girdle,A griddle.
Girdled,of Girdle
Girdling,of Girdle
Girdler,One who girdles.
Girdlestead,That part of the body where the girdle is worn.
Gire,See Gyre.
Girkin,See Gherkin.
Girl,A young person of either sex; a child.
Girlhood,State or time of being a girl.
Girlond,A garland; a prize.
Girn,To grin.
Girrock,A garfish.
Girted,of Girt
Girting,of Girt
Girtline,A gantline.
Gise,To feed or pasture.
Gisle,A pledge.
Gismondine,Alt. of Gismondite
Gist,A resting place.
Git,See Geat.
Gite,A gown.
Gittern,An instrument like a guitar.
Guist,Same as Joust.
Giusto,In just  correct or suitable time.
Given,of Give
Giving,of Give
Gives,Fetters.
Glabell/,of Glabella
Glabrate,Becoming smooth or glabrous from age.
Glabreate,Alt. of Glabriate
Glabriate,To make smooth  plain or bare.
Glabrity,Smoothness; baldness.
Glabrous,Smooth; having a surface without hairs or any unevenness.
Glaciate,To turn to ice.
Glaciation,Act of freezing.
Glacious,Pertaining to  consisting of or resembling ice; icy.
Gladded,of Glad
Gladding,of Glad
Gladdened,of Gladden
Gladdening,of Gladden
Gladder,One who makes glad.
Gladeye,The European yellow-hammer.
Gladful,Full of gladness; joyful; glad.
Gladiatorial,Alt. of Gladiatorian
Gladiatorism,The art or practice of a gladiator.
Gladiatorship,Conduct  state or art of a gladiator.
Gladiatory,Gladiatorial.
Gladiature,Swordplay; fencing; gladiatorial contest.
Gladioli,of Gladiolus
Gladioluses,of Gladiolus
Gladii,of Gladius
Gladius,The internal shell  or pen of cephalopods like the squids.
Gladly,Preferably; by choice.
Gladship,A state of gladness.
Gladsome,Pleased; joyful; cheerful.
Gladwyn,See Gladen.
Glaired,of Glair
Glairing,of Glair
Glaire,See Glair.
Glaireous,Glairy; covered with glair.
Glamourie,Glamour.
Glance,A sudden flash of light or splendor.
Glanced,of Glance
Glancing,of Glance
Glancingly,In a glancing manner; transiently; incidentally; indirectly.
Glandage,A feeding on nuts or mast.
Glandered,Affected with glanders; as  a glandered horse.
Glanderous,Of or pertaining to glanders; of the nature of glanders.
Glandiferous,Bearing acorns or other nuts; as  glandiferous trees.
Glandiform,Having the form of a gland or nut; resembling a gland.
Glandulation,The situation and structure of the secretory vessels in plants.
Glandule,A small gland or secreting vessel.
Glanduliferous,Bearing glandules.
Glandulose,Same as Glandulous.
Glandulosity,Quality of being glandulous; a collection of glands.
Glandes,of Glans
Glared,of Glare
Glaring,of Glare
Glare,To shine with a bright  dazzling light.
Glareous,Glairy.
Glariness,Alt. of Glaringness
Glaringness,A dazzling luster or brilliancy.
Glary,Of a dazzling luster; glaring; bright; shining; smooth.
Glassed,of Glass
Glassing,of Glass
Glassen,Glassy; glazed.
Glasseye,A fish of the great lakes; the wall-eyed pike.
Glass-faced,Mirror-faced; reflecting the sentiments of another.
Glassfuls,of Glassful
Glass-gazing,Given to viewing one's self in a glass or mirror; finical.
Glassily,So as to resemble glass.
Glassiness,The quality of being glassy.
Glass maker,Alt. of Glassmaker
Glassmaker,One who makes  or manufactures glass.
Glass-snail,A small  transparent land snail of the genus Vitrina.
Glassware,Ware  or articles collectively made of glass.
Glasswork,Manufacture of glass; articles or ornamentation made of glass.
Glassy,Made of glass; vitreous; as  a glassy substance.
Glasstonbury thorn,A variety of the common hawthorn.
Glasynge,Glazing or glass.
Glauberite,A mineral  consisting of the sulphates of soda and lime.
Glauber's salt,Alt. of Glauber's salts
Glaucine,Glaucous or glaucescent.
Glaucomatous,Having the nature of glaucoma.
Glaucometer,See Gleucometer.
Glaucosis,Same as Glaucoma.
Glaucous,Of a sea-green color; of a dull green passing into grayish blue.
Glaum,To grope with the hands  as in the dark.
Glave,See Glaive.
Glaver,To prate; to jabber; to babble.
Glaverer,A flatterer.
Glaymore,A claymore.
Glased,of Glase
Glazing,of Glase
Glase,To furnish (a window  a house a sash a ease etc.) with glass.
Glaze,To become glazed of glassy.
Glazen,Resembling glass; glasslike; glazed.
Glazier,One whose business is to set glass.
Glead,A live coal. See Gleed.
Gleam,To disgorge filth  as a hawk.
Gleamed,of Gleam
Gleaming,of Gleam
Gleaned,of Glean
Gleaning,of Glean
Gleaner,One who gathers after reapers.
Glebe,A lump; a clod.
Glebeless,Having no glebe.
Glebosity,The quality of being glebous.
Glebous,Alt. of Gleby
Gleby,Pertaining to the glebe; turfy; cloddy; fertile; fruitful.
Glee,Music; minstrelsy; entertainment.
Gleed,A live or glowing coal; a glede.
Gleeful,Merry; gay; joyous.
Gleek,A jest or scoff; a trick or deception.
Gleemen,of Gleeman
Gleeman,A name anciently given to an itinerant minstrel or musician.
Gleen,To glisten; to gleam.
Gleesome,Merry; joyous; gleeful.
Gleety,Ichorous; thin; limpid.
Gleg,Quick of perception; alert; sharp.
Gleire,Alt. of Gleyre
Gleyre,See Glair.
Glenlivat,Alt. of Glenlivet
Glenoidal,Glenoid.
Glent,See Glint.
Glew,See Glue.
Gley,To squint; to look obliquely; to overlook things.
Glib,Smooth; slippery; as  ice is glib.
Gilbbery,Slippery; changeable.
Glibly,In a glib manner; as  to speak glibly.
Glibness,The quality of being glib.
Glicke,An ogling look.
Glidden,p. p. of Glide.
Glidder,Alt. of Gliddery
Gliddery,Giving no sure footing; smooth; slippery.
Glide,The glede or kite.
Glided,of Glide
Gliding,of Glide
Gliden,p. p. of Glide.
Glider,One who  or that which glides.
Glidingly,In a gliding manner.
Glike,A sneer; a flout.
Glim,Brightness; splendor.
Glimmered,of Glimmer
Glimmering,of Glimmer
Glimpse,A sudden flash; transient luster.
Glimpsed,of Glimpse
Glimpsing,of Glimpse
Glint,A glimpse  glance or gleam.
Glinted,of Glint
Glinting,of Glint
Glires,An order of mammals; the Rodentia.
Glissade,A sliding  as down a snow slope in the Alps.
Glissando,A gliding effect; gliding.
Glist,Glimmer; mica.
Glistened,of Glisten
Glistening,of Glisten
Glistered,of Glister
Glistering,of Glister
Glisteringly,In a glistering manner.
Glittered,of Glitter
Glittering,of Glitter
Glitterand,Glittering.
Glitteringly,In a glittering manner.
Gloam,To begin to grow dark; to grow dusky.
Gloaming,Twilight; dusk; the fall of the evening.
Gloar,To squint; to stare.
Gloated,of Gloat
Gloating,of Gloat
Globard,A glowworm.
Globate,Alt. of Globated
Globated,Having the form of a globe; spherical.
Globed,of Globe
Globing,of Globe
Globe-shaped,Shaped like a globe.
Globiferous,Having a round or globular tip.
Globigerin/,of Globigerina
Globosely,In a globular manner; globularly.
Globosity,Sphericity.
Globous,Spherical.
Globularity,The state of being globular; globosity; sphericity.
Globularly,Spherically.
Globularness,Sphericity; globosity.
Globule,A little globe; a small particle of matter  of a spherical form.
Globulet,A little globule.
Globulite,A rudimentary form of crystallite  spherical in shape.
Globulous,Globular; spherical; orbicular.
Globy,Resembling  or pertaining to a globe; round; orbicular.
Glochidiate,Having barbs; as  glochidiate bristles.
Glochidia,of Glochidium
Glode,imp. of Glide.
Glombe,Alt. of Glome
Glome,To gloom; to look gloomy  morose or sullen.
Glomerated,of Glomerate
Glomerating,of Glomerate
Glomerous,Gathered or formed into a ball or round mass.
Glomeruli,of Glomerulus
Glonoin,Alt. of Glonoine
Glonoine,Same as Nitroglycerin; -- called also oil of glonoin.
Gloomed,of Gloom
Glooming,of Gloom
Gloomily,In a gloomy manner.
Gloominess,State of being gloomy.
Gloomth,Gloom.
Gloppen,To surprise or astonish; to be startled or astonished.
Glore,To glare; to glower.
Gloriation,Boast; a triumphing.
Gloried,Illustrious; honorable; noble.
Glorification,The act of glorifyng or of giving glory to.
Glorified,of Glorify
Glorifying,of Glorify
Gloriole,An aureole.
Glorioser,A boaster.
Glorioso,A boaster.
Glorying,of Glory
Glose,See Gloze.
Gloser,See Glosser.
Glossed,of Gloss
Glossing,of Gloss
Gloss/,of Glossa
Glossa,The tongue  or lingua of an insect. See Hymenoptera.
Glossal,Of or pertaining to the tongue; lingual.
Glossarially,In the manner of a glossary.
Gossaries,of Glossary
Glossata,The Lepidoptera.
Glossator,A writer of glosses or comments; a commentator.
Glosser,A polisher; one who gives a luster.
Glossily,In a glossy manner.
Glossist,A writer of comments.
Glossitis,Inflammation of the tongue.
Glossly,Like gloss; specious.
Glossocomon,A kind of hoisting winch.
Glossographer,A writer of a glossary; a commentator; a scholiast.
Glossographical,Of or pertaining to glossography.
Glossolalia,Alt. of Glossolaly
Glossolaly,The gift of tongues. Farrar.
Glossological,Of or pertaining to glossology.
Glossology,The definition and explanation of terms; a glossary.
Glottal,Of or pertaining to  or produced by the glottis; glottic.
Glottic,Alt. of Glottidean
Glottidean,Of or pertaining to the glottis; glottal.
Glottological,Of or pertaining to glottology.
Glottologist,A linguist; a philologist.
Glout,To pout; to look sullen.
Gloved,of Glove
Gloving,of Glove
Glover,One whose trade it is to make or sell gloves.
Glowed,of Glow
Glowing,of Glow
Glowbard,The glowworm.
Glowered,of Glower
Glowering,of Glower
Glower,to look intently; to stare angrily or with a scowl.
Glowingly,In a glowing manner; with ardent heat or passion.
Glowlamp,An aphlogistic lamp. See Aphlogistic.
Glozed,of Gloze
Glozing,of Gloze
Gloze,To flatter; to wheedle; to fawn; to talk smoothly.
Glozer,A flatterer.
Glucic,Pertaining to  or obtained from sugar; as glucic acid.
Glucogen,See Glycogen.
Glucogenesis,Glycogenesis.
Gluconic,Pertaining to  or derived from glucose.
Glued,of Glue
Gluing,of Glue
Gluer,One who cements with glue.
Gluey,Viscous; glutinous; of the nature of  or like glue.
Glueyness,Viscidity.
Gluish,Somewhat gluey.
Glum,Sullenness.
Glumaceous,Having glumes; consisting of glumes.
Glumal,Characterized by a glume  or having the nature of a glume.
Glumella,Alt. of Glumelle
Glumly,In a glum manner; sullenly; moodily.
Glummy,dark; gloomy; dismal.
Glumness,Moodiness; sullenness.
Glump,To manifest sullenness; to sulk.
Glumpy,Glum; sullen; sulky.
Glunch,Frowning; sulky; sullen.
Glutted,of Glut
Glutting,of Glut
Glut,To swallow  or to swallow greedlly; to gorge.
Glutamic,Of or pertaining to gluten.
Gluteal,Pertaining to  or in the region of the glutaeus.
Gluteus,Same as Glut/us.
Glutin,Same as Gliadin.
Glutinated,of Glutinate
Glutinating,of Glutinate
Glutinate,To unite with glue; to cement; to stick together.
Glutination,The act of uniting with glue; sticking together.
Glutinative,Having the quality of cementing; tenacious; viscous; glutinous.
Glutinosity,The quality of being glutinous; viscousness.
Glutinousness,The quality of being glutinous.
Glutton,One who eats voraciously  or to excess; a gormandizer.
Gluttonish,Gluttonous; greedy.
Gluttonized,of Gluttonize
Gluttonizing,of Gluttonize
Gluttonize,To eat to excess; to eat voraciously; to gormandize.
Gluttonies,of Gluttony
Glycerate,A salt of glyceric acid.
Glyceric,Pertaining to  or derived from glycerin.
Glycerin,Alt. of Glycerine
Glycerol,Same as Glycerin.
Clycerole,Same as Glycerite.
Glycidic,Pertaining to  or derived from glycide; as glycidic acid.
Glycin,Same as Glycocoll.
Glycocholate,A salt of glycocholic acid; as  sodium glycocholate.
Glycocholic,Pertaining to  or composed of glycocoll and cholic acid.
Glycocin,Same as Glycocoll.
Glycogeny,Alt. of Glycogenesis
Glyconian,Glyconic.
Glycosuria,Same as Glucosuria.
Glycyrrhizimic,From  or pertaining to glycyrrhizin; as glycyrrhizimic acid.
Glyn,Alt. of Glynne
Glyph,A sunken channel or groove  usually vertical. See Triglyph.
Glyphographic,Of or pertaining to glyphography.
Glyptic,Of or pertaining to gem engraving.
Glyptics,The art of engraving on precious stones.
Glyptography,The art or process of engraving on precious stones.
Glyptotheca,A building or room devoted to works of sculpture.
Glyster,Same as Clyster.
Gnarred,of Gnar
Gnarring,of Gnar
Gnarled,of Gnarl
Gnarling,of Gnarl
Gnarl,To growl; to snarl.
Gnarly,Full of knots; knotty; twisted; crossgrained.
Gnashed,of Gnash
Gnashing,of Gnash
Gnash,To strike together  as in anger or pain; as to gnash the teeth.
Gnashingly,With gnashing.
Gnathic,Of or pertaining to the jaw.
Gnathidia,of Gnathidium
Gnathonic,Alt. of Gnathonical
Gnathonical,Flattering; deceitful.
Gnathopod,A gnathopodite or maxilliped. See Maxilliped.
GnathothecAe,of Gnathotheca
Gnathotheca,The horney covering of the lower mandible of a bird.
Gnatling,A small gnat.
Gnawed,of Gnaw
Gnawing,of Gnaw
Gnawer,One who  or that which gnaws.
Gneissic,Relating to  or resembling gneiss; consisting of gneiss.
Gneissose,Having the structure of gneiss.
Gnew,imp. of Gnaw.
Gnide,To rub; to bruise; to break in pieces.
Gnof,Churl; curmudgeon.
Gnomic,Alt. of Gnomical
Gnomically,In a gnomic  didactic or sententious manner.
Gnomologic,Alt. of Gnomological
Gnomological,Pertaining to  of the nature of or resembling a gnomology.
Gnomonic,Alt. of Gnomonical
Gnomonical,Of or pertaining to the gnomon  or the art of dialing.
Gnomonically,According to the principles of the gnomonic projection.
Gnomonist,One skilled in gnomonics.
Gnomonology,A treatise on gnomonics.
Gnoscopine,An alkaloid existing in small quantities in opium.
Gnostic,Knowing; wise; shrewd.
Gnosticism,The system of philosophy taught by the Gnostics.
Gnow,Gnawed.
Go,Gone.
Went,of Go
Gone,of Go
Going,of Go
Goa,A species of antelope (Procapra picticauda)  inhabiting Thibet.
Goaded,of Goad
Goading,of Goad
Goafs,of Goaf
Goaves,of Goaf
Goar,Same as lst Gore.
Goarish,Patched; mean.
Goatherd,One who tends goats.
Goatish,Characteristic of a goat; goatlike.
Goatlike,Like a goat; goatish.
Goatskin,The skin of a goat  or leather made from it.
Gob,Same as Goaf.
Gobbet,A mouthful; a lump; a small piece.
Gobbetly,In pieces.
Gobbled,of Gobble
Gobbling,of Gobble
Gobble,To swallow or eat greedily or hastily; to gulp.
Gobbler,A turkey cock; a bubbling Jock.
Gobet,See Gobbet.
Gobioid,Like  or pertaining to the goby or the genus Gobius.
Goblinize,To transform into a goblin.
Gobies,of Goby
God,Good.
Goddaughter,A female for whom one becomes sponsor at baptism.
Goddess,A female god; a divinity  or deity of the female sex.
Gode,Good.
Godelich,Goodly.
God-fearing,Having a reverential and loving feeling towards God; religious.
Godhead,Godship; deity; divinity; divine nature or essence; godhood.
Godhood,Divine nature or essence; deity; godhead.
Godild,A corruption of God yield  i. e. God reward or bless.
Godlily,Righteously.
Godling,A diminutive god.
Godlyhead,Goodness.
Godown,A warehouse.
Godroon,An ornament produced by notching or carving a rounded molding.
Godsib,A gossip.
Godson,A male for whom one has stood sponsor in baptism. See Godfather.
Godward,Toward God.
Goel,Yellow.
Goeland,A white tropical tern (Cygis candida).
Goen,p. p. of Go.
Goer,One who  or that which goes; a runner or walker
Goety,Invocation of evil spirits; witchcraft.
Goff,A silly clown.
Goffered,of Goffer
Goffering,of Goffer
Goffer,To plait  flute or crimp. See Gauffer.
Gog,Haste; ardent desire to go.
Goggled,of Goggle
Goggling,of Goggle
Goggle,To roll the eyes; to stare.
Goggle-eyed,Having prominent and distorted or rolling eyes.
Goglet,See Gurglet.
Goiter,Alt. of Goitre
Goitered,Alt. of Goitred
Goitred,Affected with goiter.
Gold,Alt. of Goolde
Golde,Alt. of Goolde
Gold-beaten,Gilded.
Gold-bound,Encompassed with gold.
Goldcup,The cuckoobud.
Golden,Made of gold; consisting of gold.
Goden ly,In golden terms or a golden manner; splendidly; delightfully.
Gold-hammer,The yellow-hammer.
Goldie,The European goldfinch.
Goldilocks,Same as Goldylocks.
Goldin,Alt. of Golding
Goldless,Destitute of gold.
Goldney,See Gilthead.
Goldseed,Dog's-tail grass.
Goldsinny,See Goldfinny.
Goldsmith,An artisan who manufactures vessels and ornaments  etc. of gold.
Goldtit,See Verdin.
Golet,The gullet.
Golfer,One who plays golf.
Golgotha,Calvary. See the Note under Calvary.
Goliardery,The satirical or ribald poetry of the Goliards.
Goll,A hand  paw or claw.
Goloe-shoe,A galoche.
Golore,See Galore.
Goloshe,See Galoche.
Goltschut,A small ingot of gold.
Golyardeys,A buffoon. See Gollard.
Goman,A husband; a master of a family.
Gomarist,Alt. of Gomarite
Gombo,See Gumbo.
Gome,A man.
Gomer,A Hebrew measure. See Homer.
Gommelin,See Dextrin.
Gonads,of Gonad
Gonakie,An African timber tree (Acacia Adansonii).
Gonangia,of Gonangium
Gonangiums,of Gonangium
Gonangium,See Gonotheca.
Gondolet,A small gondola.
Gondolier,A man who rows a gondola.
Gonfalon,Alt. of Gonfanon
Gonfalonier,He who bears the gonfalon; a standard bearer
Gong,A privy or jakes.
Gonidial,Pertaining to  or containing gonidia.
Gonidia,of Gonidium
Goniometric,Alt. of Goniometrical
Goniometry,The art of measuring angles; trigonometry.
Gonoblastid,A reproductive bud of a hydroid; a simple gonophore.
Gonoblastidia,of Gonoblastidium
Gonoblastidium,A blastostyle.
Gonocalyx,The bell of a sessile gonozooid.
Gonoph,A pickpocket or thief.
Gonorrhea,Alt. of Gonorrhoea
Gonorrheal,Alt. of Gonorrhoeal
Gonorrhoeal,Of or pertaining to gonorrhea; as  gonorrheal rheumatism.
Gonosome,The reproductive zooids of a hydroid colony  collectively.
Gonothec/,of Gonotheca
Gonydial,Pertaining to the gonys of a bird's beak.
Goober,A peanut.
Good-by,Alt. of Good-bye
Good-den,A form of salutation.
Good-fellowship,Agreeable companionship; companionableness.
Goodgeon,Same as Gudgeon  5.
Good-humoredly,With a cheerful spirit; in a cheerful or good-tempered manner.
Goodish,Rather good than the contrary; not actually bad; tolerable.
Goodless,Having no goods.
Goodlich,Goodly.
Goodliness,Beauty of form; grace; elegance; comeliness.
Good-looking,Handsome.
Goodly,Excellently.
Goodlyhead,Alt. of Goodlyhood
Goodlyhood,Goodness; grace; goodliness.
Good-natured,Naturally mild in temper; not easily provoked.
Good-naturedly,With maldness of temper.
Good now,An exclamation of wonder  surprise or entreaty.
Goods,See Good  n. 3.
Goodship,Favor; grace.
Good-tempered,Having a good temper; not easily vexed. See Good-natured.
Goodwife,The mistress of a house.
Goodies,of Goody
Goody,A bonbon  cake or the like; -- usually in the pl.
Gode-year,The venereal disease; -- often used as a mild oath.
Goody-goody,Mawkishly or weakly good; exhibiting goodness with silliness.
Goodyship,The state or quality of a goody or goodwife
Gooroo,Alt. of Guru
Guru,A spiritual teacher  guide or confessor amoung the Hindoos.
Gooseberries,of Gooseberry
Goosefish,See Angler.
Goosefoot,A genus of herbs (Chenopodium) mostly annual weeds; pigweed.
Gooseries,of Goosery
Goosery,A place for keeping geese.
Goosewinged,Having a goosewing.
Goosish,Like a goose; foolish.
Goost,Ghost; spirit.
Goot,A goat.
Gopher wood,A species of wood used in the construction of Noah's ark.
Goramy,Same as Gourami.
Gor-bellied,Bog-bellied.
Gor-belly,A prominent belly; a big-bellied person.
Gorce,A pool of water to keep fish in; a wear.
Gorcock,The moor cock  or red grouse. See Grouse.
Gorcrow,The carrion crow; -- called also gercrow.
Gord,An instrument of gaming; a sort of dice.
Gore,Dirt; mud.
Gored,of Gore
Goring,of Gore
Gorebill,The garfish.
Gorflies,of Gorfly
Gorfly,A dung fly.
Gorged,of Gorge
Gorging,of Gorge
Gorgelet,A small gorget  as of a humming bird.
Gorgonacea,See Gorgoniacea.
Gorgonean,See Gorgonian  1.
Gorgoneia,of Gorgoneion
Gorgoneion,A mask carved in imitation of a Gorgon's head.
Gorhen,The female of the gorcock.
Goring cloth,A piece of canvas cut obliquely to widen a sail at the foot.
Gorm,Axle grease. See Gome.
Gorma,The European cormorant.
Gormand,A greedy or ravenous eater; a luxurious feeder; a gourmand.
Gormander,See Gormand  n.
Gormandism,Gluttony.
Gormandized,of Gormandize
Gormandizing,of Gormandize
Gormandizer,A greedy  voracious eater; a gormand; a glutton.
Goroon shell,A large  handsome marine univalve shell (Triton femorale).
Gorse,Furze. See Furze.
Gory,Covered with gore or clotted blood.
Gosherd,One who takes care of geese.
Gosling,A young or unfledged goose.
Gospeler,One of the four evangelists.
Gospelized,of Gospelize
Gospelizing,of Gospelize
Gospelize,To form according to the gospel; as  a command gospelized to us.
Goss,Gorse.
Gossamery,Like gossamer; flimsy.
Gossaniferous,Containing or producing gossan.
Gossib,A gossip.
Gossip,A sponsor; a godfather or a godmother.
Gossiped,of Gossip
Gossiping,of Gossip
Gossiper,One given to gossip.
Gossiprede,The relationship between a person and his sponsors.
Gossipy,Full of  or given to gossip.
Gossoon,A boy; a servant.
Gote,A channel for water.
Goter,a gutter.
Gothamite,A gothamist.
Gothicism,A Gothic idiom.
Gothicized,of Gothicize
Gothicizing,of Gothicize
Gothicize,To make Gothic; to bring back to barbarism.
Gothite,Alt. of Goethite
Goud,Woad.
Gouged,of Bouge
Gouging,of Bouge
Gouger,See Plum Gouger.
Goujere,The venereal disease.
Gouland,See Golding.
Gour,A fire worshiper; a Gheber or Gueber.
Gourde,A silver dollar; -- so called in Cuba  Hayti etc.
Gourdiness,The state of being gourdy.
Gourdworm,The fluke of sheep. See Fluke.
Gourdy,Swelled in the legs.
Gourmand,A greedy or ravenous eater; a glutton. See Gormand.
Gourmet,A connoisseur in eating and drinking; an epicure.
Gournet,A fish. See Gurnet.
Gout,A drop; a clot or coagulation.
Goutily,In a gouty manner.
Goutiness,The state of being gouty; gout.
Goutweed,Alt. of Goutwort
Gove,A mow; a rick for hay.
Governed,of Govern
Governing,of Govern
Governability,Governableness.
Governableness,The quality of being governable; manageableness.
Governal,Alt. of Governail
Governail,Management; mastery.
Governance,Exercise of authority; control; government; arrangement.
Governante,A governess.
Governorship,The office of a governor.
Gowan,The daisy  or mountain daisy.
Gowany,Having  abounding in or decked with daisies.
Gowd,Gold; wealth.
Gowden,Golden.
Gowdie,See Dragont.
Gowdnook,The saury pike; -- called also gofnick.
Gowk,To make a  booby of one); to stupefy.
Gowl,To howl.
Gown,A loose  flowing upper garment
Gowned,Dressed in a gown; clad.
Gownsman,Alt. of Gownman
Gozzard,See Gosherd.
Graal,See Grail.  a dish.
Grab,A vessel used on the Malabar coast  having two or three masts.
Grabbed,of Grab
Grabbing,of Grab
Grabber,One who seizes or grabs.
Grabbled,of Grabble
Grabbling,of Grabble
Grabble,To grope; to feel with the hands.
Graced,of Grace
Gracing,of Grace
Gracile,Alt. of Gracillent
Gracillent,Slender; thin.
Gracility,State of being gracilent; slenderness.
Graciously,In a gracious manner; courteously; benignantly.
Graciousness,Quality of being gracious.
Gradational,By regular steps or gradations; of or pertaining to gradation.
Gradatory,Proceeding step by step  or by gradations; gradual.
Graded,of Grade
Grading,of Grade
Gradely,Decent; orderly.
Gradient,Moving by steps; walking; as  gradient automata.
Gradin,Alt. of Gradine
Gradinos,of Gradino
Graduality,The state of being gradual; gradualness.
Gradually,In a gradual manner.
Graduated,of Graduate
Graduating,of Graduate
Graduateship,State of being a graduate.
Graff,A steward; an overseer.
Graffage,The scarp of a ditch or moat.
Graffer,a notary or scrivener.
Grafted,of Graft
Grafting,of Graft
Graham bread,Bread made of unbolted wheat flour.
Grahamite,One who follows the dietetic system of Graham.
Grail,A book of offices in the Roman Catholic Church; a gradual.
Grain,See Groan.
Grained,of Grain
Graining.,of Grain
Grainfield,A field where grain is grown.
Graining,Indentation; roughening; milling  as on edges of coins.
Grains,See 5th Grain  n. 2 (b).
Grainy,Resembling grains; granular.
Graip,A dungfork.
Graith,See Greith.
Grakle,See Grackle.
Grallatores,See Grallae.
Grallatorial,Alt. of Grallatory
Grallatory,Of or pertaining to the Grallatores  or waders.
Grallic,Pertaining to the Grallae.
Gralline,Of or pertaining to the Grallae.
Gralloch,Offal of a deer.
Gram,Angry.
Gramarye,Necromancy; magic.
Gramashes,Gaiters reaching to the knee; leggings.
Grame,Anger; wrath; scorn.
Gramineal,Gramineous.
Gramineous,Like  Or pertaining to grass. See Grass n. 2.
Graminifolious,Bearing leaves resembling those of grass.
Grammarianism,The principles  practices or peculiarities of grammarians.
Grammarless,Without grammar.
Grammates,Rudiments; first principles  as of grammar.
Grammatic,Grammatical.
Grammaticaster,A petty grammarian; a grammatical pedant or pretender.
Grammatication,A principle of grammar; a grammatical rule.
Grammaticism,A point or principle of grammar.
Grammaticized,of Grammaticize
Grammaticizing,of Grammaticize
Grammaticize,To render grammatical.
Grammatist,A petty grammarian.
Grampuses,of Grampus
Granade,Alt. of Granado
Granado,See Grenade.
Granaries,of Granary
Granate,See Garnet.
Granatin,Mannite; -- so called because found in the pomegranate.
Granatite,See Staurolite.
Grandam,An old woman; specifically  a grandmother.
Grandaunt,The aunt of one's father or mother.
Granddaughter,The daughter of one's son or daughter.
Grandeeship,The rank or estate of a grandee; lordship.
Grandevity,Great age; long life.
Grandevous,Of great age; aged; longlived.
Grand-ducal,Of or pertaining to a grand duke.
Grandfatherly,Like a grandfather in age or manner; kind; benignant; indulgent.
Grandific,Making great.
Grandiloquent,Speaking in a lofty style; pompous; bombastic.
Grandiloquous,Grandiloquent.
Grandinous,Consisting of hail; abounding in hail.
Grandiosity,The state or quality of being grandiose
Grandly,In a grand manner.
Grandma,Alt. of Grandmamma
Grandmamma,A grandmother.
Grand mercy,See Gramercy.
Grandmother,The mother of one's father or mother.
Grandmotherly,Like a grandmother in age or manner; kind; indulgent.
Grandnephew,The grandson of one's brother or sister.
Grandness,Grandeur.
Grandniece,The granddaughter of one's brother or sister.
Grandpa,Alt. of Grandpapa
Grandpapa,A grandfather.
Grandsire,Specifically  a grandfather; more generally any ancestor.
Grandson,A son's or daughter's son.
Granduncle,A father's or mother's uncle.
Grane,See Groan.
Grange,A building for storing grain; a granary.
Granger,A farm steward.
Graniferous,Bearing grain  or seeds like grain.
Graniform,Formed like of corn.
Granilla,Small grains or dust of cochineal or the coccus insect.
Granitical,Granitic.
Granitification,The act or the process of forming into granite.
Granitiform,Resembling granite in structure or shape.
Grannam,A grandam.
Granny,A grandmother; a grandam; familiarly  an old woman.
Granolithic,A kind of hard artificial stone  used for pavements.
Granted,of Grant
Granting,of Grant
Grantable,Capable of being granted.
Grantee,The person to whom a grant or conveyance is made.
Granter,One who grants.
Grantor,The person by whom a grant or conveyance is made.
Granular,Consisting of  or resembling grains; as a granular substance.
Granularly,In a granular form.
Granulary,Granular.
Granulated,of Granulate
Granulating,of Granulate
Granule,A little grain a small particle; a pellet.
Granuliferous,Full of granulations.
Granulous,Full of grains; abounding with granular substances; granular.
Grape fruit,The shaddock.
Grapeless,Wanting grapes or the flavor of grapes.
Grapery,A building or inclosure used for the cultivation of grapes.
Grapestone,A seed of the grape.
Graphic,Alt. of Graphical
Graphical,Of or pertaining to the arts of painting and drawing.
Graphically,In a graphic manner; vividly.
Graphicness,Alt. of Graphicalness
Graphicalness,The quality or state of being graphic.
Graphiscope,See Graphoscope.
Graphitic,Pertaining to  containing derived from or resembling graphite.
Graphitoid,Alt. of Graphitoidal
Graphitoidal,Resembling graphite or plumbago.
Grapholite,Any species of slate suitable to be written on.
Grappled,of Grapple
Grappling,of Grapple
Grapplement,A grappling; close fight or embrace.
Grapsoid,Pertaining to the genus Grapsus or the family Grapsidae.
Grapy,Composed of  or resembling grapes.
Grasper,of Grasp
Qraspine,of Grasp
Graspable,Capable of being grasped.
Graaper,One who grasps or seizes; one who catches or holds.
Grasping,Seizing; embracing; catching.
Graspless,Without a grasp; relaxed.
Grassed,of Grass
Grassing,of Grass
Grassation,A wandering about with evil intentions; a rioting.
Grass-green,Green with grass.
Grass-grown,Overgrown with grass; as  a grass-grown road.
Grassiness,The state of abounding with grass; a grassy state.
Grassless,Destitute of grass.
Grassplot,A plot or space covered with grass; a lawn.
Grassy,Covered with grass; abounding with grass; as  a grassy lawn.
Grate,Serving to gratify; agreeable.
Grated,of Grate
Grating,of Grate
Glatified,Pleased; indulged according to desire.
Gratifier,One who gratifies or pleases.
Gratified,of Gratify
Gratifying,of Gratify
Gratis,For nothing; without fee or recompense; freely; gratuitously.
Gtratuities,of Gratuity
Grqatulated,of Gratulate
Gratulating,of Gratulate
Gratulate,To salute with declaration of joy; to congratulate.
Gratulation,The act of gratulating or felicitating; congratulation.
Gratulatory,Expressing gratulation or joy; congratulatory.
Graunt,See Grant.
Grauwacke,Graywacke.
Gravamina,of Gravamen
Gravamens,of Gravamen
Graved,of Grave
Graven,of Grave
Graving,of Grave
Graveclothes,The clothes or dress in which the dead are interred.
Gravedigger,A digger of graves.
Graveled,of Gravel
Gravelled,of Gravel
Graveling,of Gravel
Gravelling,of Gravel
Graveless,Without a grave; unburied.
Gravelliness,State of being gravelly.
Gravel-stone,A pebble  or small fragment of stone; a calculus.
Gravely,In a grave manner.
Graveness,The quality of being grave.
Graveolence,A strong and offensive smell; rancidity.
Graveolent,Having a rank smell.
Gravery,The act  process or art of graving or carving; engraving.
Graves,The sediment of melted tallow. Same as Greaves.
Graves' disease,Same as Basedow's disease.
Graveyard,A yard or inclosure for the interment of the dead; a cemetery.
Gravidated,Made pregnant; big.
Gravidation,Gravidity.
Gravidity,The state of being gravidated; pregnancy.
Gravigrade,Slow-paced.
Gravimeter,An instrument for ascertaining the specific gravity of bodies.
Gravimetric,Of or pertaining to measurement by weight; measured by weight.
Gravitated,of Gravitate
Gravitating,of Gravitate
Gravitation,The act of gravitating.
Gravitative,Causing to gravitate; tending to a center.
Gravities,of Gravity
Gravity,The state of having weight; beaviness; as  the gravity of lead.
Gravies,of Gravy
Grayback,The California gray whale.
Graybeard,An old man.
Grayfly,The trumpet fly.
Grayhound,See Greyhound.
Grayish,Somewhat gray.
Grayness,The quality of being gray.
Grazed,of Graze
Grazing,of Graze
Grazier,One who pastures cattle  and rears them for market.
Grazioso,Gracefully; smoothly; elegantly.
Gre,See Gree  a step.
Greased,of Grease
Greasing,of Grease
Greasily,In a greasy manner.
Great-bellied,Having a great belly; bigbellied; pregnant; teeming.
Greatcoat,An overcoat.
Great-grandchild,The child of one's grandson or granddaughter.
Great-granddaughter,A daughter of one's grandson or granddaughter.
Great-grandfather,The father of one's grandfather or grandmother.
Great-grandmother,The mother of one's grandfather or grandmother.
Great-grandson,A son of one's grandson or granddaughter.
Great-hearted,High-spirited; fearless.
Great-heartedness,The quality of being greathearted; high-mindedness; magnanimity.
Greatly,In a great degree; much.
Greave,A grove.
Greaved,of Greave
Greaving,of Greave
Grecian,Of or pertaining to Greece; Greek.
Grecism,An idiom of the Greek language; a Hellenism.
Grecized,of Grecize
Grecizing,of Grecize
Grecianize,To conform to the Greek custom  especially in speech.
Grees,of Gree
Greece,of Gree
Grice,of Gree
Grise,of Gree
Grize,of Gree
Greed,An eager desire or longing; greediness; as  a greed of gain.
Greedily,In a greedy manner.
Greediness,The quality of being greedy; vehement and selfish desire.
Greedy-gut,A glutton.
Greegree,An African talisman or Gri'gri' charm.
Greek,Of or pertaining to Greece or the Greeks; Grecian.
Greekess,A female Greek.
Greekish,Peculiar to Greece.
Greekling,A little Greek  or one of small esteem or pretensions.
Greened,of Green
Greening,of Green
Greenbone,Any garfish (Belone or Tylosurus).
Greenery,Green plants; verdure.
Green-eyed,Having green eyes.
Greenfish,See Bluefish  and Pollock.
Greenhead,The mallard.
Greenhood,A state of greenness; verdancy.
Greenhorn,A raw  inexperienced person; one easily imposed upon.
Greenish,Somewhat green; having a tinge of green; as  a greenish yellow.
Greenlander,A native of Greenland.
Greenly,With a green color; newly; freshly  immaturely.
Greenroom,The retiring room of actors and actresses in a theater.
Greensward,Turf green with grass.
Greenth,The state or quality of being green; verdure.
Greenweed,See Greenbroom.
Greenwood,A forest as it appears is spring and summer.
Greet,Great.
Greeted,of Greet
Greeting,of Greet
Greeter,One who greets or salutes another.
Greeve,See Grieve  an overseer.
Greeze,A step. See Gree  a step.
Greffier,A registrar or recorder; a notary.
Gregal,Pertaining to  or like a flock.
Gregarian,Gregarious; belonging to the herd or common sort; common.
Gregarine,Of or pertaining to the Gregarinae.
\d8Gregarinida,Gregarinae.
Grege,Alt. of Gregge
Gregge,To make heavy; to increase.
Greggoe,Alt. of Grego
Greit,See Greet  to weep.
Greith,To make ready; -- often used reflexively.
Gremial,Of or pertaining to the lap or bosom.
Grenadine,A thin gauzelike fabric of silk or wool  for women's wear.
Grenado,Same as Grenade.
Grene,Green.
Gres,Grass.
Gressorial,Alt. of Gressorious
Gret,Alt. of Grete
Grete,Great.
Gretto,imp. of Greet  to salute.
Greve,A grove.
Grew,imp. of Grow.
Grewsome,Alt. of Gruesome
Gruesome,Ugly; frightful.
Grey,See Gray (the correct orthography).
Greylag,See Graylag.
Grid,A grating of thin parallel bars  similar to a gridiron.
Griddle,An iron plate or pan used for cooking cakes.
Grided,of Gride
Griding,of Gride
Gridelin,A color mixed of white  and red or a gray violet.
Gridiron,A grated iron utensil for broiling flesh and fish over coals.
Griefful,Full of grief or sorrow.
Griefless,Without grief.
Griego,See Greggoe.
Grievable,Lamentable.
Grieve,Alt. of Greeve
Grieved,of Grieve
Grieving,of Grieve
Griever,One who  or that which grieves.
Griff,Grasp; reach.
Griffe,The offspring of a mulatto woman and a negro; also  a mulatto.
Griffin,An Anglo-Indian name for a person just arrived from Europe.
Grig,A cricket or grasshopper.
Gril,Harsh; hard; severe; stern; rough.
Grill,A gridiron.
Grilled,of Grill
Grilling,of Grill
Grillade,The act of grilling; also  that which is grilled.
Grille,A lattice or grating.
Grilly,To broil; to grill; hence  To harass.
Grilse,A young salmon after its first return from the sea.
Grimaced,Distorted; crabbed.
Grimalkin,An old cat  esp. a she-cat.
Grimily,In a grimy manner.
Griminess,The state of being grimy.
Grimly,Grim; hideous; stern.
Grimness,Fierceness of look; sternness; crabbedness; forbiddingness.
Grimsir,A stern man.
Grimy,Full of grime; begrimed; dirty; foul.
Grin,A snare; a gin.
Grinned,of Grin
Grinning,of Grin
Ground,of Grind
Grinding,of Grind
Grinded,Ground.
Grinder,One who  or that which grinds.
Grindery,Leather workers' materials.
Grindingly,In a grinding manner.
Grindle,The bowfin; -- called also Johnny Grindle.
Grindle stone,A grindstone.
Grindlet,A small drain.
Grinner,One who grins.
Grinningly,In a grinning manner.
Grint,3d pers. sing. pres. of Grind  contr. from grindeth.
Grinte,imp. of Grin  v. i. 1.
Grinting,Grinding.
Grip,The griffin.
Gripe,A vulture; the griffin.
Griped,of Gripe
Griping,of Gripe
Gripeful,Disposed to gripe; extortionate.
Griper,One who gripes; an oppressor; an extortioner.
Gripingly,In a griping or oppressive manner.
Griman,The man who manipulates a grip.
Grippe,The influenza or epidemic catarrh.
Gripper,One who  or that which grips or seizes.
Gripple,A grasp; a gripe.
Grippleness,The quality of being gripple.
Gripsack,A traveler's handbag.
Gris,Gray.
Grisamber,Ambergris.
Griskin,The spine of a hog.
Grisled,See Grizzled.
Grisliness,The quality or state of being grisly; horrid.
Grisons,Inhabitants of the eastern Swiss Alps.
Gristle,Cartilage. See Cartilage.
Grit,Sand or gravel; rough  hard particles.
Gritted,of Grit
Gritting,vb. n.  of Grit
Grith,Peace; security; agreement.
Gritrock,Alt. of Gritstone
Gritstone,See Grit  n. 4.
Grittiness,The quality of being gritty.
Grizelin,See Gridelin.
Grizzle,Gray; a gray color; a mixture of white and black.
Grizzly,Somewhat gray; grizzled.
Grizzlies,of Grizzly
Groaned,of Groan
Groaning,of Groan
Groanful,Agonizing; sad.
Groat,An old English silver coin  equal to four pence.
Groceries,of Grocery
Groggeries,of Groggery
Groggery,A grogshop.
Grogginess,State of being groggy.
Groggy,Overcome with grog; tipsy; unsteady on the legs.
Grogram,Alt. of Grogran
Grogran,A coarse stuff made of silk and mohair  or of coarse silk.
Groin,The snout of a swine.
Groined,of Groin
Groining,of Groin
Gromet,Same as Grommet.
Gromill,See Gromwell.
Grond,obs. imp. of Grind.
Gronte,obs. imp. of Groan.
Groomed,of Groom
Grooming,of Groom
Groomsmen,of Groomsman
Grooper,See Grouper.
Grooved,of Groove
Groving,of Groove
Groover,One who or that which grooves.
Groped,of Grope
Groping,of Grope
Grope,To feel with or use the hands; to handle.
Groping-ly,In a groping manner.
Gross,Great; large; bulky; fat; of huge size; excessively large.
Grossbeak,See Grosbeak.
Gross-headed,Thick-skulled; stupid.
Grossification,The act of making gross or thick  or the state of becoming so.
Grossular,Pertaining too  or resembling a gooseberry; as grossular garnet.
Grossularia,Same as Grossular.
Grot,A grotto.
Grote,A groat.
Grotesquely,In a grotesque manner.
Grotesqueness,Quality of being grotesque.
Grottoes,of Grotto
Grotto-work,Artificial and ornamental rockwork in imitation of a grotto.
Grounded,of Ground
Grounding,of Ground
Groundedly,In a grounded or firmly established manner.
Grounden,p. p. of Grind.
Groundling,A fish that keeps at the bottom of the water  as the loach.
Groundly,Solidly; deeply; thoroughly.
Groundsill,See Ground plate (a)  under Ground
Grouped,of Group
Grouping,of Group
Grout,Coarse meal; ground malt; pl. groats.
Grouted,of Grout
Grouting,of Grout
Grouthead,See Growthead.
Groutnol,Same as Growthead.
Grouty,Cross; sulky; sullen.
Groveled,of Grovel
Grovelled,of Grovel
Groveling,of Grovel
Grovelling,of Grovel
Groveler,One who grovels; an abject wretch.
Grown,of Grow
Growing,of Grow
Growable,Capable of growth.
Growled,of Growl
Growling,of Growl
Growler,One who growls.
Growlingly,In a growling manner.
Growse,To shiver; to have chills.
Growthead,A lazy person; a blockhead.
Growthful,Having capacity of growth.
Groyne,See Groin.
Grubbed,of Grub
Grubbing,of Grub
Grubbla,To feel or grope in the dark.
Grubby,Dirty; unclean.
Grubworm,See Grub  n. 1.
Grucche,To murmur; to grumble.
Grudger,of Grudge
Grudging,of Grudge
Grudgeful,Full of grudge; envious.
Grudgeons,Alt. of Gurgeons
Gurgeons,Coarse meal.
Gruddger,One who grudges.
Grudgingly,In a grudging manner.
Gruelly,Like gruel; of the consistence of gruel.
Gruf,Forwards; with one's face to the ground.
Grum,Morose; severe of countenance; sour; surly; glum; grim.
Grumbling,of Grumble
Grumbler,One who grumbles.
Grumblingly,In a grumbling manner.
Grume,A thick  viscid fluid; a clot as of blood.
Grumbly,In a grum manner.
Grumose,Clustered in grains at intervals; grumous.
Grumousness,The state of being grumous.
Grumpily,In a surly manner; sullenly.
Grumpy,Surly; dissatisfied; grouty.
Grundel,A groundling (fish).
Grundsel,Groundsel.
Grunted,of Grunt
Grunting,of Grunt
Grunter,One who  or that which grunts; specifically a hog.
Gruntingly,In a grunting manner.
Gruntle,To grunt; to grunt repeatedly.
Gruntling,A young hog.
Grutch,See Grudge.
Gry,A measure equal to one tenth of a line.
Gryde,To gride. See Gride.
Gryfon,See Griffin.
Gryllus,A genus of insects including the common crickets.
Grype,To gripe.
Gryphaea,A genus of cretaceous fossil shells allied to the oyster.
Gryphite,A shell of the genus Gryphea.
Gryphon,The griffin vulture.
Guachos,of Guacho
Guaiac,Pertaining to  or resembling guaiacum.
Guaiacum,A genus of small  crooked trees growing in tropical America.
Guana,See Iguana.
Guanacos,of Guanaco
Guaniferous,Yielding guano.
Guanos,of Guano
Guara,The scarlet ibis. See Ibis.
Guaranine,An alkaloid extracted from guarana. Same as Caffeine.
Guarantees,of Guarantee
guaranteed,of Guarantee
Guaranteeing,pr. & vb. n.  of Guarantee
Guarantor,One who makes or gives a guaranty; a warrantor; a surety.
Guaranies,of Guaranty
Guarantied,of Guaranty
Guarantying,of Guaranty
Guarded,of Guard
Gurding,vb. n.  of Guard
Guardable,Capable of being guarded or protected.
Guardage,Wardship
Guardant,Acting as guardian.
Guardenage,Guardianship.
Guarder,One who guards.
Guardfish,The garfish.
Guardful,Cautions; wary; watchful.
Guardianage,Guardianship.
Guardiance,Guardianship.
Guardianess,A female guardian.
Guardianless,Without a guardian.
Guardianship,The office  duty or care of a guardian; protection; care; watch.
Guardless,Without a guard or defense; unguarded.
Guards,A body of picked troops; as  The Household Guards.
Guardship,Care; protection.
Guardsmen,of Guardsman
Guardsman,One who guards; a guard.
Guarish,To heal.
Guatemala grass,See Teosinte.
Gubernance,Government.
Gubernate,To govern.
Gubernation,The act of governing; government
Gubernative,Governing.
Gubernatorial,Pertaining to a governor  or to government.
Gue,A sharper; a rogue.
Gueber,Alt. of Guebre
Guebre,Same as Gheber.
Guelph,Alt. of Guelf
Guelphic,Alt. of Guelfic
Guelfic,Of or pertaining to the family or the faction of the Guelphs.
Gueparde,The cheetah.
Guerdonable,Worthy of reward.
Guerdonless,Without reward or guerdon.
Guerilla,See Guerrilla.
Guessed,of Guess
Guessing,of Guess
Guessable,Capable of being guessed.
Guessingly,By way of conjecture.
Guessive,Conjectural.
Guess rope,A guess warp.
Guesswork,Work performed  or results obtained by guess; conjecture.
Guest rope,The line by which a boat makes fast to the swinging boom.
Guestwise,In the manner of a guest.
Guffaw,A loud burst of laughter; a horse laugh.
Guffer,The eelpout; guffer eel.
Guggle,See Gurgle.
Guiac,Same as Guaiac.
Guiacum,Same as Guaiacum.
Guidable,Capable of being guided; willing to be guided or counseled.
Guidage,The reward given to a guide for services.
Guided,of Guide
Guiding,of Guide
Guideless,Without a guide.
Guider,A guide; a director.
Guideress,A female guide.
Gulge,See Gige.
Guildable,Liable to a tax.
Guileless,Free from guile; artless.
Guilor,A deceiver; one who deludes  or uses guile.
Guillemet,A quotation mark.
Guillevat,A vat for fermenting liquors.
Guilloched,Waved or engine-turned.
Guillotined,of Guillotine
Guillotining,of Guillotine
Guiltily,In a guilty manner.
Guiltiness,The quality or state of being guilty.
Guiltless,Free from guilt; innocent.
Guilt-sick,Made sick by consciousness of guilt.
Guiltylike,Guiltily.
Guirland,See Garland.
Guiser,A person in disguise; a masker; a mummer.
GulAe,of Gula
Gulas,of Gula
Gula,The upper front of the neck  next to the chin; the upper throat.
Gulaund,An arctic sea bird.
Gulch,Act of gulching or gulping.
Guid,A flower. See Gold.
Gulden,See Guilder.
Gule,To give the color of gules to.
Gulf,A hollow place in the earth; an abyss; a deep chasm or basin
Gulfy,Full of whirlpools or gulfs.
Gulist,A glutton.
Gulled,of Gull
Gulling,of Gull
Gull,To deceive; to cheat; to mislead; to trick; to defraud.
Gullage,Act of being gulled.
Guller,One who gulls; a deceiver.
Gullery,An act  or the practice of gulling; trickery; fraud.
Gulleting,A system of excavating by means of gullets or channels.
Gullible,Easily gulled; that may be duped.
Gullish,Foolish; stupid.
Gulles,of Gully
Gully,A large knife.
Gullies,of Gully
Gullied,of Gully
Gullying,of Gully
Gulosity,Excessive appetite; greediness; voracity.
Gulped,of Gulp
Gulping,of Gulp
Gulph,See Gulf.
Gult,Guilt. See Guilt.
Gulty,Guilty.
Guly,Of or pertaining to gules; red.
Gummed,of Gum
Gumming,of Gum
Gumboil,A small suppurting inflamed spot on the gum.
Gummata,of Gumma
Gumma,A kind of soft tumor  usually of syphilitic origin.
Gummatous,Belonging to  or resembling gumma.
Gummiferous,Producing gum; gum-bearing.
Gumminess,The state or quality of being gummy; viscousness.
Gummosity,Gumminess; a viscous or adhesive quality or nature.
Gummous,Gumlike  or composed of gum; gummy.
Gump,A dolt; a dunce.
Gumption,Capacity; shrewdness; common sense.
Gunarchy,See Gynarchy.
Gunboat,A vessel of light draught  carrying one or more guns.
Guncotton,See under Gun.
Gundelet,See Gondola.
Gunjah,See Ganja.
Gunlock,The lock of a gun  for producing the discharge. See Lock.
Gunnage,The number of guns carried by a ship of war.
Gunnel,A gunwale.
Gunner,One who works a gun  whether on land or sea; a cannoneer.
Gunnie,Space left by the removal of ore.
Gunning,The act or practice of hunting or shooting game with a gun.
Gunny,Alt. of Gunny cloth
Gunocracy,See Gyneocracy.
Gunreach,The reach or distance to which a gun will shoot; gunshot.
Gunshot,Act of firing a gun; a shot.
Gunsmithery,Alt. of Gunsmith ing
Gunsmith ing,The art or business of a gunsmith.
Gunstock,The stock or wood to which the barrel of a hand gun is fastened.
Gunstome,A cannon ball; -- so called because originally made of stone.
Gurge,A whirlpool.
Gurgled,of Gurgle
Gurgling,of Gurgle
Gurglet,A porous earthen jar for cooling water by evaporation.
Gurgling-ly,In a gurgling manner.
Gurgoyle,See Gargoyle.
Gurl,A young person of either sex. [Obs.] See Girl.
Gurlet,A pickax with one sharp point and one cutting edge.
Gurmy,A level; a working.
Gurnard,Alt. of Gurnet
Gurniad,See Gwiniad.
Gurry,An alvine evacuation; also  refuse matter.
Gurts,Groatts.
Gushed,of Gush
Gushing,of Gush
Gusher,One who gushes.
Gushingly,In a gushing manner; copiously.
Gustable,Capable of being tasted; tastable.
Gustard,The great bustard.
Gustation,The act of tasting.
Gustful,Tasteful; well-tasted.
Gustless,Tasteless; insipid.
Gusto,Nice or keen appreciation or enjoyment; relish; taste; fancy.
Gustoso,Tasteful; in a tasteful  agreeable manner.
Gut,A narrow passage of water; as  the Gut of Canso.
Gutted,of Gut
Gutting,of Gut
GuttAe,of Gutta
Gutta,A drop.
Guttate,Spotted  as if discolored by drops.
Guttated,Besprinkled with drops  or droplike spots.
Guttered,of Gutter
Guttering,of Gutter
Guttifer,A plant that exudes gum or resin.
Guttiferous,Yielding gum or resinous substances.
Guttiform,Drop-shaped  as a spot of color.
Guttler,A greedy eater; a glutton.
Guttulous,In droplike form.
Gutturality,The quality of being guttural.
Gutturalize,To speak gutturally; to give a guttural sound to.
Gutturally,In a guttural manner.
Gutturalness,The quality of being guttural.
Gutturine,Pertaining to the throat.
Gutturize,To make in the throat; to gutturalize.
Gutty,Charged or sprinkled with drops.
Gutwort,A plant  Globularia Alypum a violent purgative found in Africa.
Guyed,of Guy
Guying,of Guy
Guyle,To guile.
Guzzled,of Guzzle
Guzzling,of Guzzle
Guzzle,To swallow liquor greedily; to drink much or frequently.
Guzzler,An immoderate drinker.
Gyall,See Gayal.
Gyb,Alt. of Gybe
Gybe,See Jib.
Gybed,of Gybe
Gybing,of Gybe
Gye,To guide; to govern.
Gyle,Fermented wort used for making vinegar.
Gymnal,Same as Gimmal.
Gymnasiums,of Gymnasium
Gymnasia,of Gymnasium
Gymnastic,Alt. of Gymnastical
Gymnastically,In a gymnastic manner.
Gymnic,Alt. of Gymnical
Gymnical,Athletic; gymnastic.
Gymnite,A hydrous silicate of magnesia.
Gymnoblastic,Of or pertaining to the Gymnoblastea.
Gymnochroa,A division of Hydroidea including the hydra. See Hydra.
Gymnocyte,A cytode without a proper cell wall  but with a nucleus.
Gymnocytode,A cytode without either a cell wall or a nucleus.
Gymnolaema,Alt. of Gymnolaemata
Gymnolaemata,An order of Bryozoa  having no epistome.
Gymnorhinal,Having unfeathered nostrils  as certain birds.
Gymnosomata,One of the orders of Pteropoda. They have no shell.
Gymnosophy,The doctrines of the Gymnosophists.
Gymnotoka,The Athecata.
Gyn,To begin [Obs.] See Gin.
Gynaeceum,Alt. of Gynaecium
Gynaecian,The same as Gynecian.
Gynander,A plant having the stamens inserted in the pistil.
Gynandrian,Alt. of Gynandrous
Gynandromorph,An animal affected with gynandromorphism
Gynandromorphous,Affected  with gynandromorphism.
Gynarchy,Government by a woman.
Gyneceum,See Gynaeceum.
Gynecian,Of or relating to women.
Gynecocracy,Government by a woman  female power; gyneocracy.
Gynecological,Of or pertaining to gynecology.
Gynecology,The science which treats of the structure and diseases of women.
Gyneocracy,See Gynecocracy.
Gyneolatry,The adoration or worship of woman.
Gynephobia,Hatred of women; repugnance to the society of women.
Gynno,To begin. See Gin.
Gynobase,A dilated base or receptacle  supporting a multilocular ovary.
Gynobasic,Pertaining to  or having a gynobase.
Gynocracy,Female government; gynecocracy.
Gypse,See Gypsum.
Gypsey,A gypsy. See Gypsy.
Gypsiferous,Containing gypsum.
Gyp'sine,Gypseous.
Gypsography,The act or art of engraving on gypsum.
Gypsoplast,A cast taken in plaster of Paris  or in white lime.
Gypsies,of Gypsy
Gyral,Moving in a circular path or way; whirling; gyratory.
Gyrant,Gyrating.
Gyrated,of Gyrate
Gyrating,of Gyrate
Gyratory,Moving in a circle  or spirally; revolving; whirling around.
Gyreful,Abounding in gyres.
Gyri,See Gyrus.
Gyrland,To garland.
Gyroidal,Spiral in arrangement or action.
Gyroma,A turning round.
Gy-rose,Turned round like a crook  or bent to and fro.
Gyrostatic,Of or pertaining to the gyrostat or to gyrostatics.
Gyse,Guise.
Gyte,Delirious; senselessly extravagant; as  the man is clean gyte.
Gyve,A shackle; especially  one to confine the legs; a fetter.
Haak,A sea fish. See Hake.
Haar,A fog; esp.  a fog or mist with a chill wind.
Haberdash,To deal in small wares.
Haberdashery,The goods and wares sold by a haberdasher; also (Fig.)  trifles.
Haberdine,A cod salted and dried.
Habilatory,Of or pertaining to clothing; wearing clothes.
Habile,Fit; qualified; also  apt.
Habiliment,A garment; an article of clothing.
Habilimented,Clothed. Taylor (1630).
Habilitate,Qualified or entitled.
Habilitation,Equipment; qualification.
Hability,Ability; aptitude.
Habited,of Habit
Habiting,of Habit
Habitability,Habitableness.
Habitakle,A dwelling place.
Habitan,Same as Habitant  2.
Habitance,Dwelling; abode; residence.
Habiitancy,Same as Inhabitancy.
Habitant,An inhabitant; a dweller.
Habitat,The natural abode  locality or region of an animal or plant.
Habitator,A dweller; an inhabitant.
Habitual,Formed or acquired by habit or use.
Habituated,of Habituate
Habituating,of Habituate
Habituate,To make accustomed; to accustom; to familiarize.
Habiture,Habitude.
Habitus,Habitude; mode of life; general appearance.
Hable,See Habile.
Habnab,By chance.
Hacked,of Hack
Hacking,of Hack
Hackbolt,The greater shearwater or hagdon. See Hagdon.
Hackbuss,Same as Hagbut.
Hackee,The chipmunk; also  the chickaree or red squirrel.
Hackery,A cart with wooden wheels  drawn by bullocks.
Hackle,A comb for dressing flax  raw silk etc.; a hatchel.
Hackled,of Hackle
Hackling,of Hackle
Hackly,Rough or broken  as if hacked.
Hackmen,of Hackman
Hackman,The driver of a hack or carriage for public hire.
Hackneys,of Hackney
Hackney,A horse for riding or driving; a nag; a pony.
Hackneyed,of Hackney
Hackneying,of Hackney
Hackneymen,of Hackneyman
Hackneyman,A man who lets horses and carriages for hire.
Hackster,A bully; a bravo; a ruffian; an assassin.
Hacqueton,Same as Acton.
Had,See Have.
Hadder,Heather; heath.
Haddie,The haddock.
Hade,The descent of a hill.
Hadj,The pilgrimage to Mecca  performed by Mohammedans.
Haema-,Alt. of Haemo-
Haemato-,Alt. of Haemo-
Haemachrome,Hematin.
Haemadrometer,Alt. of Haemadremometer
Haemadremometer,Same as Hemadrometer.
Haemadrometry,Alt. of Haemadromometry
Haemadromometry,Same as Hemadrometry.
Haemadromograph,An instrument for registering the velocity of the blood.
Haemadynameter,Alt. of Haemadynamometer
Haemadynamometer,Same as Hemadynamometer.
Haemadynamics,Same as Hemadynamics.
Haemapod,An haemapodous animal.
Haemapoietic,Bloodforming; as  the haemapoietic function of the spleen.
Haemapophysis,Same as Hemapophysis.
Haemastatics,Same as Hemastatics.
Haematachometry,The measurement of the velocity of the blood.
Haematemesis,Same as Hematemesis.
Haematic,Of or pertaining to the blood; sanguine; brownish red.
Haematin,Same as Hematin.
Haematinometer,Same as Hematinometer.
Haematinometric,Same as Hematinometric.
Haematite,Same as Hematite.
Haematitic,Of a blood-red color; crimson; (Bot.) brownish red.
Haematocrya,The cold-blooded vertebrates. Same as Hematocrya.
Haematocryal,Cold-blooded.
Haematocrystallin,Same as Hematocrystallin.
Haematodynamometer,Same as Hemadynamometer.
Haematogenesis,The origin and development of blood.
Haematogenic,Relating to haematogenesis.
Haematogenous,Originating in the blood.
Haematoglobulin,Same as Hematoglobin.
Haematoid,Same as Hematoid.
Haematoidin,Same as Hematoidin.
Haematolin,See Haematoin.
Haematology,The science which treats of the blood. Same as Hematology.
Haematometer,Same as Hemadynamometer.
Haematoplast,Same as Haematoblast.
Haematoporphyrin,See Haematoin.
Haematoscope,A haemoscope.
Haematosin,Hematin.
Haematosis,Same as Hematosis.
Haematotherma,Same as Hematotherma.
Haematothermal,Warm-blooded; homoiothermal.
Haematothorax,Same as Hemothorax.
Haematozoa,of Haematozoon
Haematozoon,A parasite inhabiting the blood
Haemic,Pertaining to the blood; hemal.
Haemin,Same as Hemin.
Haemochrome,Same as Haemachrome.
Haemocyanin,Same as Haemacyanin.
Haemocytolysis,See Haemocytotrypsis.
Haemocytometer,See Haemacytometer.
Haemodromograph,Same as Haemadromograph.
Haemodynameter,Same as Hemadynamics.
Haemoglobin,Same as Hemoglobin.
Haemoglobinometer,Same as Hemochromometer.
Haemolutein,See Hematoidin.
Haemomanometer,Same as Hemadynamometer.
Haemometer,Same as Hemadynamometer.
Haemoplastic,Same as Haematoplastic.
Haemorrhoidal,Same as Hemorrhoidal.
Haemostatic,Same as Hemostatic.
Haemotachometer,Same as Haematachometer.
Haemotachometry,Same as Haematachometry.
Haf,Hove.
Haffle,To stammer; to speak unintelligibly; to prevaricate.
Hafter,A caviler; a wrangler.
Hag,A witch  sorceress or enchantress; also a wizard.
Hagged,of Hag
Hagging,of Hag
Hagberry,A plant of the genus Prunus (P. Padus); the bird cherry.
Hagborn,Born of a hag or witch.
Hagbutter,A soldier armed with a hagbut or arquebus.
Haggadoth,of Haggada
Haggardly,In a haggard manner.
Haggish,Like a hag; ugly; wrinkled.
Haggishly,In the manner of a hag.
Haggled,of Haggle
Haggling,of Haggle
Haggler,One who haggles or is difficult in bargaining.
Hagiarchy,A sacred government; by holy orders of men.
Hagiocracy,Government by a priesthood; hierarchy.
Hagiographal,Pertaining to the hagiographa  or to sacred writings.
Hagiography,Same Hagiographa.
Hagiolatry,The invocation or worship of saints.
Hag-ridden,Ridden by a hag or witch; hence  afflicted with nightmare.
Hagseed,The offspring of a hag.
Hagship,The state or title of a hag.
Hag-taper,The great woolly mullein (Verbascum Thapsus).
Haguebut,See Hagbut.
Hah,Same as Ha.
Halled,of Hail
Halting,of Hail
Hail-fellow,An intimate companion.
Hailse,To greet; to salute.
Hailshot,Small shot which scatter like hailstones.
Hailstorm,A storm accompanied with hail; a shower of hail.
Haily,Of hail.
Han,To inclose for mowing; to set aside for grass.
Hairbell,See Harebell.
Hairbird,The chipping sparrow.
Hairbrained,See Harebrained.
Hairbreadth,Alt. of Hair'sbreadth
Hairbrush,A brush for cleansing and smoothing the hair.
Haircloth,Stuff or cloth made wholly or in part of hair.
Hairdresser,One who dresses or cuts hair; a barber.
Haired,Having hair.
Hairen,Hairy.
Hairiness,The state of abounding  or being covered with hair.
Hairless,Destitute of hair.
Hair-salt,A variety of native Epsom salt occurring in silky fibers.
Haitian,See Haytian.
Hake,A drying shed  as for unburned tile.
Hake's-dame,See Forkbeard.
Haketon,Same as Acton.
Hakim,A wise man; a physician  esp. a Mohammedan.
Halachoth,of Halacha
Halberdier,One who is armed with a halberd.
Halberd-shaped,Hastate.
Halcyonian,Halcyon; calm.
Halcyonold,See Alcyonoid.
Hale,Sound; entire; healthy; robust; not impaired; as  a hale body.
Haled,of Hale
Haling,of Hale
Halves,of Half
Half-bound,Having only the back and corners in leather  as a book.
Half-bred,Half-blooded.
Half-breed,Half-blooded.
Half-brother,A brother by one parent  but not by both.
Half-clammed,Half-filled.
Halfcocked,of Halfcock
Halfcocking,of Halfcock
Halfcock,To set the cock of (a firearm) at the first notch.
Half-cracked,Half-demented; half-witted.
Half-deck,A shell of the genus Crepidula; a boat shell. See Boat shell.
Half-decked,Partially decked.
Halfen,Wanting half its due qualities.
Halfendeal,Half; by the part.
Halfer,One who possesses or gives half only; one who shares.
Half-faced,Showing only part of the face; wretched looking; meager.
Half-fish,A salmon in its fifth year of growth.
Half-hatched,Imperfectly hatched; as  half-hatched eggs.
Half-heard,Imperfectly or partly heard to the end.
Half-hearted,Wanting in heart or spirit; ungenerous; unkind.
Half-hourly,Done or happening at intervals of half an hour.
Half-learned,Imperfectly learned.
Half-length,Of half the whole or ordinary length  as a picture.
Halfness,The quality of being half; incompleteness.
Half-port,One half of a shutter made in two parts for closing a porthole.
Half-read,Informed by insufficient reading; superficial; shallow.
Half seas over,Half drunk.
Half-sighted,Seeing imperfectly; having weak discernment.
Half-sister,A sister by one parent only.
Half-strained,Half-bred; imperfect.
Half-sword,Half the length of a sword; close fight.
Half-wit,A foolish; a dolt; a blockhead; a dunce.
Half-witted,Weak in intellect; silly.
Halicore,Same as Dugong.
Halieutics,A treatise upon fish or the art of fishing; ichthyology.
Halmas,The feast of All Saints; Hallowmas.
Haliographer,One who writes about or describes the sea.
Haliography,Description of the sea; the science that treats of the sea.
Haliotis,A genus of marine shells; the ear-shells. See Abalone.
Haliotoid,Like or pertaining to the genus Haliotis; ear-shaped.
Halisauria,The Enaliosauria.
Halite,Native salt; sodium chloride.
Halituous,Produced by  or like breath; vaporous.
Halk,A nook; a corner.
Hallage,A fee or toll paid for goods sold in a hall.
Halleluiah,Alt. of Hallelujah
Hallelujatic,Pertaining to  or containing hallelujahs.
Halliard,See Halyard.
Hallidome,Same as Halidom.
Hallier,A kind of net for catching birds.
Halloa,See Halloo.
Hallooed,of Halloo
Halloing,of Halloo
Hallowed,of Hallow
Hallowing,of Hallow
Halloween,The evening preceding Allhallows or All Saints' Day.
Hallowmas,The feast of All Saints  or Allhallows.
Hallucal,Of or pertaining to the hallux.
Hallucinatory,Partaking of  or tending to produce hallucination.
Halm,Same as Haulm.
Halos,of Halo
Haloed,of Halo
Haloing,of Halo
Halogenous,Of the nature of a halogen.
Halomancy,See Alomancy.
Halophyte,A plant found growing in salt marshes  or in the sea.
Halp,Helped.
Halpace,See Haut pas.
Hals,The neck or throat.
Halse,To embrace about the neck; to salute; to greet.
Halsed,of Halse
Halsing,of Halse
Halsening,Sounding harshly in the throat; inharmonious; rough.
Halser,See Hawser.
Halt,3d pers. sing. pres. of Hold  contraction for holdeth.
Halted,of Halt
Halter,One who halts or limps; a cripple.
Haltered,of Halter
Haltering,of Halter
Halteres,Balancers; the rudimentary hind wings of Diptera.
Halter-sack,A term of reproach  implying that one is fit to be hanged.
Haltingly,In a halting or limping manner.
Halvans,Impure ore; dirty ore.
Halve,A half.
Halved,of Halve
Halving,of Halve
Halwe,A saint.
Ham,Home.
Hamadryads,of Hamadryad
Hamadryades,of Hamadryad
Hamadryas,The sacred baboon of Egypt (Cynocephalus Hamadryas).
Hamate,Hooked; bent at the end into a hook; hamous.
Hamated,Hooked  or set with hooks; hamate.
Hamatum,See Unciform.
Hamble,To hamstring.
Hamburg,A commercial city of Germany  near the mouth of the Elbe.
Hame,Home.
Hamel,Same as Hamele.
Hamesecken,Alt. of Hamesucken
Hamiform,Hook-shaped.
Haminura,A large edible river fish (Erythrinus macrodon) of Guiana.
Haitic,Pertaining to Ham or his descendants.
Hamlet,A small village; a little cluster of houses in the country.
Hamleted,Confined to a hamlet.
Hammered,of Hammer
Hammering,of Hammer
Hammerable,Capable of being formed or shaped by a hammer.
Hammercloth,The cloth which covers a coach box.
Hammerer,One who works with a hammer.
Hammer-harden,To harden  as a metal by hammering it in the cold state.
Hammerkop,A bird of the Heron family; the umber.
Hammermen,of Hammerman
Hammerman,A hammerer; a forgeman.
Hammochrysos,A stone with spangles of gold color in it.
Hamose,Alt. of Hamous
Hamous,Having the end hooked or curved.
Hampered,of Hamper
Hampering,of Hamper
Hamstrung,of Hamstring
Hamstringing,of Hamstring
Hamulate,Furnished with a small hook; hook-shaped.
Hamule,A little hook.
Hamulose,Bearing a small hook at the end.
Hamuli,of Hamulus
Hamulus,A hook  or hooklike process.
Hanap,A rich goblet  esp. one used on state occasions.
Hance,To raise; to elevate.
Hanch,See Hanse.
Hand staves,of Hand
Handed,of Hand
Handing,of Hand
Handbarrow,A frame or barrow  without a wheel carried by hand.
Handbill,A loose  printed sheet to be distributed by hand.
Handbreadth,A space equal to the breadth of the hand; a palm.
Handcart,A cart drawn or pushed by hand.
Handcloth,A handkerchief.
Handcraft,Same as Handicraft.
Handcraftsman,A handicraftsman.
Handcuffed,of Handcuff
Handcuffing,of Handcuff
Hander,One who hands over or transmits; a conveyer in succession.
Handfast,Hold; grasp; custody; power of confining or keeping.
Handfasted,of Handfast
Handfasting,of Handfast
Handfastly,In a handfast or publicly pledged manner.
Handfish,The frogfish.
Hand flus,of Handful
Handful,As much as the hand will grasp or contain.
Handicapped,of Handicap
Handicapping,of Handicap
Handicapper,One who determines the conditions of a handicap.
Handicraft,A trade requiring skill of hand; manual occupation; handcraft.
Handi-craftsman,A man skilled or employed in handcraft.
Handily,In a handy manner; skillfully; conveniently.
Handiness,The quality or state of being handy.
Handiron,See Andrion.
Handiwork,Work done by the hands; hence  any work done personally.
Handkercher,A handkerchief.
Handled,of Handle
Handling,of Handle
Handle,To touch; to feel with the hand; to use or hold with the hand.
Handleable,Capable of being handled.
Handless,Without a hand.
Handmade,Manufactured by hand; as  handmade shoes.
Handmaid,Alt. of Handmaiden
Handmaiden,A maid that waits at hand; a female servant or attendant.
Handsaw,A saw used with one hand.
Handseled,of Handsel
Handseling,of Handsel
Handselling,of Handsel
Hadsome,To render handsome.
Handsomely,In a handsome manner.
Handsomeness,The quality of being handsome.
Hand-tight,As tight as can be made by the hand.
Handy,Performed by the hand.
Handyfight,A fight with the hands; boxing.
Handystroke,A blow with the hand.
Hand-work,See Handiwork.
Hanged,of Hang
Hung,of Hang
Hanging,of Hang
Hang-bies,of Hang-by
Hang-by,A dependent; a hanger-on; -- so called in contempt.
Hangdog,A base  degraded person; a sneak; a gallows bird.
Hanger,One who hangs  or causes to be hanged; a hangman.
Hangers-on,of Hanger-on
Hangmen,of Hangman
Hangmanship,The office or character of a hangman.
Hangnest,A nest that hangs like a bag or pocket.
Hankered,of Hanker
Hankering,of Hanker
Hankeringly,In a hankering manner.
Han sa,See 2d Hanse.
Hanseatic,Pertaining to the Hanse towns  or to their confederacy.
Hansel,See Handsel.
Hanselines,A sort of breeches.
Hansom,Alt. of Hansom cab
Hanuman,See Hoonoomaun.
Hap,To clothe; to wrap.
Hap'penny,A half-penny.
Haphazard,Extra hazard; chance; accident; random.
Haplessly,In a hapless  unlucky manner.
Haply,By hap  chance luck or accident; perhaps; it may be.
Happed,Wrapped; covered; cloaked.
Happened,of Happen
Happening,of Happen
Happily,By chance; peradventure; haply.
Happiness,Good luck; good fortune; prosperity.
Haquebut,See Hagbut.
Harangued,of Harangue
Haranguing,of Harangue
Harangueful,Full of harangue.
Haranguer,One who harangues  or is fond of haranguing; a declaimer.
Harassed,of Harass
Harassing,of Harass
Harasser,One who harasses.
Harberous,Harborous.
Harbingered,of Harbinger
Harbingering,of Harbinger
Harbored,of Harbor
Harboring,of Harbor
Harborage,Shelter; entertainment.
Harborer,One who  or that which harbors.
Harborless,Without a harbor; shelterless.
Harborough,Alt. of Harbrough
Harbrough,A shelter.
Harborous,Hospitable.
Hardened,of Harden
Hardening,of Harden
Hardener,One who  or that which hardens; specif. one who tempers tools.
Harder,A South African mullet  salted for food.
Hard-favored,Hard-featured; ill-looking; as  Vulcan was hard-favored.
Hardfavoredness,Coarseness of features.
Hard-featured,Having coarse  unattractive or stern features.
Hard-fisted,Having hard or strong hands; as  a hard-fisted laborer.
Hard-fought,contested; as  a hard-fought battle.
Hard-handed,Having hard hands  as a manual laborer.
Hardhead,Clash or collision of heads in contest.
Hard-headed,Having sound judgment; sagacious; shrewd.
Hard-hearted,Unsympathetic; inexorable; cruel; pitiless.
Harddihead,Hardihood.
Hardily,Same as Hardly.
Hardiment,Hardihood; boldness; courage; energetic action.
Hardiness,Capability of endurance.
Hardish,Somewhat hard.
Hard-labored,Wrought with severe labor; elaborate; studied.
Hardly,In a hard or difficult manner; with difficulty.
Hardness,The quality or state of being hard  literally or figuratively.
Hardock,See Hordock.
Hardpan,The hard substratum. Same as Hard pan  under Hard a.
Hards,The refuse or coarse part of fiax; tow.
Hard-shell,Unyielding; insensible to argument; uncompromising; strict.
Hardspun,Firmly twisted in spinning.
Hardtail,See Jurel.
Hard-visaged,Of a harsh or stern countenance; hard-featured.
Hardwaremen,of Hardwareman
Hardwareman,One who makes  or deals in hardware.
Hardy,Bold; brave; stout; daring; resolu?e; intrepid.
Hare,To excite; to tease  or worry; to harry.
Hare'brained',Wild; giddy; volatile; heedless.
Hare-hearted,Timorous; timid; easily frightened.
Harehound,See Harrier.
Hareld,The long-tailed duck.
Harengiform,Herring-shaped.
Harfang,The snowy owl.
Hariali grass,The East Indian name of the Cynodon Dactylon; dog's-grass.
Haricot,A ragout or stew of meat with beans and other vegetables.
Harier,See Harrier.
Harikari,See Hara-kiri.
Harioiation,Prognostication; soothsaying.
Harish,Like a hare.
Hark,To listen; to hearken.
Harken,To hearken.
Harle,The red-breasted merganser.
Harlech group,A minor subdivision at the base of the Cambrian system in Wales.
Harlock,Probably a corruption either of charlock or hardock.
Harlot,A churl; a common man; a person  male or female of low birth.
Harlotize,To harlot.
Harlotry,Ribaldry; buffoonery; a ribald story.
Harm,Injury; hurt; damage; detriment; misfortune.
Harmed,of Harm
Harming,of Harm
Harmful,Full of harm; injurious; hurtful; mischievous.
Harmonic,Alt. of Harmonical
Harmonical,Concordant; musical; consonant; as  harmonic sounds.
Har monically,In an harmonical manner; harmoniously.
Harmonics,The doctrine or science of musical sounds.
Harmonization,The act of harmonizing.
Harmonized,of Harmonize
Harmonizing,of Harmonize
Harmonizer,One who harmonizes.
Harmonies,of Harmony
Harnessed,of Harness
Harnessing,of Harness
Harnesser,One who harnesses.
Harns,The brains.
Harped,of Harp
Harping,of Harp
Harpagon,A grappling iron.
Harper,A player on the harp; a minstrel.
Harping iron,A harpoon.
Harpist,A player on the harp; a harper.
Harpooned,of Harpoon
Harpooning,of Harpoon
Harpooneer,An harpooner.
Harpooner,One who throws the harpoon.
Harpress,A female harper.
Harpsichon,A harpsichord.
Harpies,of Harpy
Harquebus,Alt. of Harquebuse
Harrage,To harass; to plunder from.
Harre,A hinge.
Harridan,A worn-out strumpet; a vixenish woman; a hag.
Harrier,One of a small breed of hounds  used for hunting hares.
Harrowed,of Harrow
Harrowing,of Harrow
Harrower,One who harrows.
Harried,of Harry
Harrying,of Harry
Harsh,Rough; disagreeable; grating
Harshly,In a harsh manner; gratingly; roughly; rudely.
Harshness,The quality or state of being harsh.
Harslet,See Haslet.
Hart,A stag; the male of the red deer. See the Note under Buck.
Harten,To hearten; to encourage; to incite.
Harts clover,Melilot or sweet clover. See Melilot.
Hartshorn,The horn or antler of the hart  or male red deer.
Hart-tongue,A common British fern (Scolopendrium vulgare)  rare in America.
Hartwort,A coarse umbelliferous plant of Europe (Tordylium maximum).
Harum-scarum,Wild; giddy; flighty; rash; thoughtless.
Haruspication,See Haruspicy.
Haruspice,A diviner of ancient Rome. Same as Aruspice.
Haruspicy,The art or practices of haruspices. See Aruspicy.
Harvested,of Harvest
Harvesting,of Harvest
Harvestless,Without harvest; lacking in crops; barren.
Harvestmen,of Harvestman
Harvestman,A man engaged in harvesting.
Harvestry,The act of harvesting; also  that which is harvested.
Hary,To draw; to drag; to carry off by violence.
Has,3d pers. sing. pres. of Have.
Hasard,Hazard.
Hase,See Haze  v. t.
Hashed,of Hash
Hashing,of Hash
Hasheesh,Alt. of Hashish
Hask,A basket made of rushes or flags  as for carrying fish.
Hasped,of Hasp
Hasping,of Hasp
Hassock,A rank tuft of bog grass; a tussock.
Hast,2d pers. sing. pres. of. Have  contr. of havest.
Hastate,Alt. of Hastated
Hasted,of Haste
Hasting,of Haste
Hastened,of Hasten
Hastening,of Hasten
Hastener,One who hastens.
Hastif,Hasty.
Hastile,Same as Hastate.
Hastily,In haste; with speed or quickness; speedily; nimbly.
Hastings,Early fruit or vegetables; especially  early pease.
Hastive,Forward; early; -- said of fruits.
Hasty,Involving haste; done  made etc. in haste; as a hasty sketch.
Hat,Hot.
Hatable,Capable of being  or deserving to be hated; odious; detestable.
Hatbox,A box for a hat.
Hatched,of Hatch
Hatching,of Hatch
Hatcheled,of Hatchel
Hatchelled,of Hatchel
Hatcheling,of Hatchel
Hatchelling,of Hatchel
Hatcheler,One who uses a hatchel.
Hatchery,A house for hatching fish  etc.
Hatchet,A small ax with a short handle  to be used with one hand.
Hatchettine,Alt. of Hatchettite
Hatchure,Same as Hachure.
Hated,of Hate
Hating,of Hate
Hateful,Manifesting hate or hatred; malignant; malevolent.
Hatel,Hateful; detestable.
Hater,One who hates.
Hath,Has.
Hatless,Having no hat.
Hatrack,A hatstand; hattree.
Hatte,pres. & imp. sing. & pl. of Hote  to be called. See Hote.
Hatted,Covered with a hat.
Hatter,To tire or worry; -- out.
Hatting,The business of making hats; also  stuff for hats.
Hatti-sherif,A irrevocable Turkish decree countersigned by the sultan.
Hattree,A hatstand.
Haubergeon,See Habergeon.
Haugh,A low-lying meadow by the side of a river.
Haught,High; elevated; hence  haughty; proud.
Haughtily,In a haughty manner; arrogantly.
Haughtiness,The quality of being haughty; disdain; arrogance.
Haughty,High; lofty; bold.
Hauled,of Haul
Hauling,of Haul
Haul,To pull or draw with force; to drag.
Hauler,One who hauls.
Hauls,See Hals.
Haulse,See Halse.
Hault,Lofty; haughty.
Haum,See Haulm  stalk.
Haunce,To enhance.
Haunched,Having haunches.
Haunted,of Haunt
Haunting,of Haunt
Haunter,One who  or that which haunts.
Hausse,A kind of graduated breech sight for a small arm  or a cannon.
Haustellate,Provided with a haustellum  or sucking proboscis.
Haustella,of Haustellum
Haustoria,of Haustorium
Haut,Haughty.
Hautboyist,A player on the hautboy.
Hautein,Haughty; proud.
Hauteur,Haughty manner or spirit; haughtiness; pride; arrogance.
Hautgout,High relish or flavor; high seasoning.
Havanese,Of or pertaining to Havana  in Cuba.
Having,of Have
have,of Have
hast,of Have
has,of Have
Have,To hold in possession or control; to own; as  he has a farm.
Haveless,Having little or nothing.
Havenage,Harbor dues; port dues.
Havened,Sheltered in a haven.
Havener,A harbor master.
Haver,A possessor; a holder.
Haversack,A bag for oats or oatmeal.
Havior,Behavior; demeanor.
Havoc,Wide and general destruction; devastation; waste.
Haw,A hedge; an inclosed garden or yard.
Hawed,of Haw
Hawing,of Haw
Haw-haw,See Ha-ha.
Hawhaw,To laugh boisterously.
Hawked,of Hawk
Hawking,of Hawk
Hawkbit,The fall dandelion (Leontodon autumnale).
Hawkey,See Hockey.
Hawk-eyed,Having a keen eye; sharpsighted; discerning.
Hawm,See Haulm  straw.
Hawse,A hawse hole.
Hawser,A large rope made of three strands each containing many yarns.
Hay,A hedge.
Haybird,The European spotted flycatcher.
Haycock,A conical pile or hear of hay in the field.
Hay-cutter,A machine in which hay is chopped short  as fodder for cattle.
Hayfield,A field where grass for hay has been cut; a meadow.
Hayfork,A fork for pitching and tedding hay.
Hayloft,A loft or scaffold for hay.
Haymaker,One who cuts and cures hay.
Haymaking,The operation or work of cutting grass and curing it for hay.
Haymow,A mow or mass of hay laid up in a barn for preservation.
Haystack,A stack or conical pile of hay in the open air.
Haystalk,A stalk of hay.
Haythorn,Hawthorn.
Haytian,Of pertaining to Hayti.
Hazard,A game of chance played with dice.
Hazarded,of Hazard
Hazarding,of Hazard
Hazardable,Liable to hazard or chance; uncertain; risky.
Hazarder,A player at the game of hazard; a gamester.
Hazardize,A hazardous attempt or situation; hazard.
Hazardous,Exposed to hazard; dangerous; risky.
Hazardry,Playing at hazard; gaming; gambling.
Hazed,of Haze
Hazing,of Haze
Hazeless,Destitute of haze.
Hazelly,Of the color of the hazelnut; of a light brown.
Hazelnut,The nut of the hazel.
Hazelwort,The asarabacca.
Hazily,In a hazy manner; mistily; obscurely; confusedly.
Haziness,The quality or state of being hazy.
Hazle,To make dry; to dry.
Headed,of Head
Heading,of Head
Headache,Pain in the head; cephalalgia.
Headachy,Afflicted with headache.
Headband,A fillet; a band for the head.
Headborough,Alt. of Headborrow
Headdress,A covering or ornament for the head; a headtire.
Headfirst,Alt. of Headforemost
Headforemost,With the head foremost.
Headfish,The sunfish (Mola).
Head gear,Alt. of Headgear
Headgear,Headdress.
Headily,In a heady or rash manner; hastily; rashly; obstinately.
Headiness,The quality of being heady.
Headless,Having no head; beheaded; as  a headless body neck or carcass.
Headline,The line at the head or top of a page.
Headlong,With the head foremost; as  to fall headlong.
Head-lugged,Lugged or dragged by the head.
Headmen,of Headman
Headman,A head or leading man  especially of a village community.
Headmold shot,Alt. of Headmould shot
Headmost,Most advanced; most forward; as  the headmost ship in a fleet.
Headpan,The brainpan.
Headpiece,Head.
Headrace,See Race  a water course.
Headroom,See Headway  2.
Headsail,Any sail set forward of the foremast.
Headshake,A significant shake of the head  commonly as a signal of denial.
Headship,Authority or dignity; chief place.
Headsmen,of Headsman
Headsman,An executioner who cuts off heads.
Headspring,Fountain; source.
Headstall,That part of a bridle or halter which encompasses the head.
Headstone,The principal stone in a foundation; the chief or corner stone.
Headstrong,Not easily restrained; ungovernable; obstinate; stubborn.
Headstrongness,Obstinacy.
Headtire,A headdress.
Headwork,Mental labor.
Heal,To cover  as a roof with tiles slate lead or the like.
Healed,of Heal
Healing,of Heal
Healable,Capable of being healed.
Heald,A heddle.
Healful,Tending or serving to heal; healing.
Healingly,So as to heal or cure.
Healthfully,In health; wholesomely.
Healthfulness,The state of being healthful.
Healthily,In a healthy manner.
Healthiness,The state of being healthy or healthful; freedom from disease.
Healthless,Without health  whether of body or mind; in firm.
Healthlessness,The state of being health/ess.
Healthsome,Wholesome; salubrious.
Healthward,In the direction of health; as  a healthward tendency.
Heam,The afterbirth or secundines of a beast.
Heap,A crowd; a throng; a multitude or great number of persons.
Heaped,of Heap
Heaping,of Heap
Heaper,One who heaps  piles or amasses.
Heapy,Lying in heaps.
Heard,of Hear
Hearing,of Hear
Hearer,One who hears; an auditor.
Hearkened,of Hearken
Hearkening,of Hearken
Hearkener,One who hearkens; a listener.
Hearsal,Rehearsal.
Hearsay,Report; rumor; fame; common talk; something heard from another.
Hearse,A hind in the year of its age.
Hearsecloth,A cloth for covering a coffin when on a bier; a pall.
Hearselike,Suitable to a funeral.
Heartache,Sorrow; anguish of mind; mental pang.
Heartbreak,Crushing sorrow or grief; a yielding to such grief.
Heartbreaking,Causing overpowering sorrow.
Heartbroken,Overcome by crushing sorrow; deeply grieved.
Heartburned,Having heartburn.
Heartburning,Causing discontent.
Heartdear,Sincerely beloved.
Heartdeep,Rooted in the heart.
Heart-eating,Preying on the heart.
Heartedness,Earnestness; sincerity; heartiness.
Heartener,One who  or that which heartens animates or stirs up.
Heartfelt,Hearty; sincere.
Heartgrief,Heartache; sorrow.
Hearthstone,Stone forming the hearth; hence  the fireside; home.
Heartily,From the heart; with all the heart; with sincerity.
Heariness,The quality of being hearty; as  the heartiness of a greeting.
Heartless,Without a heart.
Heartlet,A little heart.
Heartlings,An exclamation used in addressing a familiar acquaintance.
Heartpea,Same as Heartseed.
Heartquake,Trembling of the heart; trepidation; fear.
Heart-robbing,Depriving of thought; ecstatic.
Heart's-ease,Ease of heart; peace or tranquillity of mind or feeling.
Heartshaped,Having the shape of a heart; cordate.
Heartsick,Sick at heart; extremely depressed in spirits; very despondent.
Heartsome,Merry; cheerful; lively.
Heart-spoon,A part of the breastbone.
Heartstricken,Shocked; dismayed.
Heartstrike,To affect at heart; to shock.
Heartstring,A nerve or tendon  supposed to brace and sustain the heart.
Heartstruck,Driven to the heart; infixed in the mind.
Heartswelling,Rankling in  or swelling the heart.
Heart-whole,Having the heart or affections free; not in love.
Heart-wounded,Wounded to the heart with love or grief.
Hearties,of Hearty
Heartyhale,Good for the heart.
Heated,of Heat
Heating,of Heat
Heater,One who  or that which heats.
Heathclad,Clad or crowned with heath.
Heathens,of Heathen
Heathen,of Heathen
Heathenesse,Heathendom.
Heathenishly,In a heathenish manner.
Heathenishness,The state or quality of being heathenish.
Heathenized,of Heathenize
Heathenizing,of Heathenize
Heathenize,To render heathen or heathenish.
Heathenness,State of being heathen or like the heathen.
Heathenry,The state  quality or character of the heathen.
Heather,Heath.
Heathery,Heathy; abounding in heather; of the nature of heath.
Heatingly,In a heating manner; so as to make or become hot or heated.
Heatless,Destitute of heat; cold.
Heaved,of Heave
Hove,of Heave
Hoven,of Heave
Heaving,of Heave
Heavened,of Heaven
Heavening,of Heaven
Heavenize,To render like heaven or fit for heaven.
Heavenliness,The state or quality of being heavenly.
Heavenward,Toward heaven.
Heavisome,Heavy; dull.
Heavy,Having the heaves.
Heavy-armed,Wearing heavy or complete armor; carrying heavy arms.
Heavy-haded,Clumsy; awkward.
Heavy-headed,Dull; stupid.
Hebdomad,A week; a period of seven days.
Hebdomadal,Alt. of Hebdomadary
Hebdomadally,In periods of seven days; weekly.
Hebdomatical,Weekly; hebdomadal.
Heben,Ebony.
Hebenon,See Henbane.
Hebetated,of Hebetate
Hebetating,of Hebetate
Hebetation,The act of making blunt  dull or stupid.
Hebete,Dull; stupid.
Hebetude,Dullness; stupidity.
Hebraically,After the manner of the Hebrews or of the Hebrew language.
Hebraist,One versed in the Hebrew language and learning.
Hebraistic,Pertaining to  or resembling the Hebrew language or idiom.
Hebraistically,In a Hebraistic sense or form.
Hebraize,To convert into the Hebrew idiom; to make Hebrew or Hebraistic.
Hebraized,of Hebraize
Hebraizing,of Hebraize
Hebrewess,An Israelitish woman.
Hebrician,A Hebraist.
Hebridean,Alt. of Hebridian
Heck,The bolt or latch of a door.
Heckimal,The European blue titmouse (Parus coeruleus).
Heckle,Same as Hackle.
Hectocotylized,Changed into a hectocotylus; having a hectocotylis.
Hectocotyli,of Hectocotylus
Hectogramme,The same as Hectogram.
Hectoliter,Alt. of Hectolitre
Hectometer,Alt. of Hectometre
Hectored,of Hector
Hectoring,of Hector
Hectorism,The disposition or the practice of a hector; a bullying.
Hectorly,Resembling a hector; blustering; insolent; taunting.
Heddles,of Heddle
Heddle-eye,The eye or loop formed in each heddle to receive a warp thread.
Hederaceous,Of  pertaining to or resembling ivy.
Hederal,Of or pertaining to ivy.
Hederiferous,Producing ivy; ivy-bearing.
Hederose,Pertaining to  or of ivy; full of ivy.
Hedged,of Hedge
Hedging,of Hedge
Hedgeborn,Born under a hedge; of low birth.
Hedgebote,Same as Haybote.
Hedgeless,Having no hedge.
Hedgepig,A young hedgehog.
Hedging bill,A hedge bill. See under Hedge.
Hedonic,Pertaining to pleasure.
Hedonistic,Same as Hedonic  2.
Heeded,of Heed
Heeding,of Heed
Heedy,Heedful.
Heeled,of Heel
Heeling,of Heel
Heeler,A cock that strikes well with his heels or spurs.
Heelless,Without a heel.
Heelpiece,A piece of armor to protect the heels.
Heelpost,The post supporting the outer end of a propeller shaft.
Heeltap,One of the segments of leather in the heel of a shoe.
Heeltapped,of Heeltap
Heeltapping,of Heeltap
Heep,The hip of the dog-rose.
Heft,Same as Haft  n.
Hefted,of Heft
Hefting,of Heft
Hefty,Moderately heavy.
Hegelian,Pertaining to Hegelianism.
Hegelianism,Alt. of Hegelism
Hegemonic,Alt. of Hegemonical
Hegemonical,Leading; controlling; ruling; predominant.
Hegge,A hedge.
Heifer,A young cow.
Height,The condition of being high; elevated position.
Heightened,of Heighten
Heightening,of Heighten
Heighten,To make high; to raise higher; to elevate.
Heightener,One who  or that which heightens.
Heirdom,The state of an heir; succession by inheritance.
Heiress,A female heir.
Heirless,Destitute of an heir.
Hejira,See Hegira.
Hektare,Alt. of Hektometer
Hektogram,Alt. of Hektometer
Hektoliter,Alt. of Hektometer
Hektometer,Same as Hectare  Hectogram Hectoliter and Hectometer.
Hektograph,See Hectograph.
Helamys,See Jumping hare  under Hare.
Held,imp. & p. p. of Hold.
Hele,Health; welfare.
Helena,See St. Elmo's fire  under Saint.
Heliac,Heliacal.
Heliacally,In a heliacal manner.
Helianthoid,Of or pertaining to the Helianthoidea.
Helianthoidea,An order of Anthozoa; the Actinaria.
Heliciform,Having the form of a helix; spiral.
Helicograph,An instrument for drawing spiral lines on a plane.
Helicoid,Spiral; curved  like the spire of a univalve shell.
Helicoidal,Same as Helicoid.
Heliconian,Of or pertaining to Helicon.
Helio-,A combining form from Gr. h`lios the sun.
Heliocentric,Alt. of Heliocentrical
Heliochrome,A photograph in colors.
Heliochromic,Pertaining to  or produced by heliochromy.
Heliochromy,The art of producing photographs in color.
Heliograph,A picture taken by heliography; a photograph.
Heliography,Photography.
Heliogravure,The process of photographic engraving.
Heliolater,A worshiper of the sun.
Heliolatry,Sun worship. See Sabianism.
Heliometric,Alt. of Heliometrical
Heliometrical,Of or pertaining to the heliometer  or to heliometry.
Heliotropic,Manifesting heliotropism; turning toward the sun.
Heliotype,A picture obtained by the process of heliotypy.
Heliotypic,Relating to  or obtained by heliotypy.
Helispheric,Alt. of Helispherical
Helispherical,Spiral.
Helices,of Helix
Helixes,of Helix
Hellanodic,A judge or umpire in games or combats.
Hellborn,Born in or of hell.
Hellbred,Produced in hell.
Hellbrewed,Prepared in hell.
Hellbroth,A composition for infernal purposes; a magical preparation.
Hell-cat,A witch; a hag.
Hell-diver,The dabchick.
Helldoomed,Doomed to hell.
Helleborism,The practice or theory of using hellebore as a medicine.
Hellene,A native of either ancient or modern Greece; a Greek.
Hellenian,Of or pertaining to the Hellenes  or Greeks.
Hellenistic,Alt. of Hellenistical
Hellenistical,Pertaining to the Hellenists.
Hellenistically,According to the Hellenistic manner or dialect.
Hellenize,To use the Greek language; to play the Greek; to Grecize.
Hellenotype,See Ivorytype.
Hellespontine,Of or pertaining to the Hellespont.
Hellgamite,Alt. of Hellgramite
Hellhag,A hag of or fit for hell.
Hell-haunted,Haunted by devils; hellish.
Hellhound,A dog of hell; an agent of hell.
Hellier,One who heles or covers; hence  a tiler slater or thatcher.
Hellkite,A kite of infernal breed.
Hello,See Halloo.
Hellward,Toward hell.
Helly,Hellish.
Helm,See Haulm  straw.
Helmed,of Helm
Helming,of Helm
Helmage,Guidance; direction.
Helmet-shaped,Shaped like a helmet; galeate. See Illust. of Galeate.
Helminthagogue,A vermifuge.
Helminthiasis,A disease in which worms are present in some part of the body.
Helminthic,Of or relating to worms  or Helminthes; expelling worms.
Helminthoid,Wormlike; vermiform.
Helminthologic,Alt. of Helminthological
Helminthological,Of or pertaining to helminthology.
Helminthologist,One versed in helminthology.
Helminthology,The natural history  or study of worms esp. parasitic worms.
Helmless,Destitute of a helmet.
Helmsmen,of Helmsman
Helmsman,The man at the helm; a steersman.
Helmwind,A wind attending or presaged by the cloud called helm.
Helotism,The condition of the Helots or slaves in Sparta; slavery.
Helotry,The Helots  collectively; slaves; bondsmen.
Helped,of Help
Holp,of Help
Holpen,of Help
Helping,of Help
Helpful,Furnishing help; giving aid; assistant; useful; salutary.
Helpmate,A helper; a companion; specifically  a wife.
Helpmeet,A wife; a helpmate.
Helter-skelter,In hurry and confusion; without definite purpose; irregularly.
Helve,The handle of an ax  hatchet or adze.
Helved,of Helve
Helving,of Helve
Helvetian,Same as Helvetic.
Helvine,Alt. of Helvite
Hem,Them
Hemmed,of Hem
Hemming,of Hem
Hema-,Same as Haema-.
Hemachate,A species of agate  sprinkled with spots of red jasper.
Hemachrome,Same as Haemachrome.
Hemadrometer,Alt. of Hemadromometer
Hemadrometry,Alt. of Hemadromometry
Hemaphaein,Same as Haemaphaein.
Hemapophyses,of Hemapophysis
Hemastatic,Alt. of Hemastatical
Hemastatical,Same as Hemostatic.
Hematachometer,Same as Haematachometer.
Hematemesis,A vomiting of blood.
Hematherm,A warm-blooded animal.
Hemathermal,Warm-blooded; hematothermal.
Hematic,Same as Haematic.
Hematin,Hematoxylin.
Hematinometer,A form of hemoglobinometer.
Hematitic,Of or pertaining to hematite  or resembling it.
Hemato,See Haema-.
Hematocele,A tumor filled with blood.
Hematocrystallin,See Hemoglobin.
Hematoid,Resembling blood.
Hematology,The science which treats of the blood.
Hematosin,The hematin of blood.
Hematosis,Sanguification; the conversion of chyle into blood.
Hematothermal,Warm-blooded.
Hematoxylin,Haematoxylin.
Hematuria,Passage of urine mingled with blood.
Hemelytra,of Hemelytrum
Hemelytron,Alt. of Hemelytrum
Hemerobid,Of relating to the hemerobians.
Hemi-,A prefix signifying half.
Hemialbumin,Same as Hemialbumose.
Hemianaesthesia,Anaesthesia upon one side of the body.
Hemicardia,A lateral half of the heart  either the right or left.
Hemicarp,One portion of a fruit that spontaneously divides into halves.
Hemicerebrum,A lateral half of the cerebrum.
Hemicollin,See Semiglutin.
Hemicrania,A pain that affects only one side of the head.
Hemicrany,Hemicranis.
Hemicycle,A half circle; a semicircle.
Hemiditone,The lesser third.
Hemihedrism,The property of crystallizing hemihedrally.
Hemihedron,A solid hemihedrally derived. The tetrahedron is a hemihedron.
Hemimetabola,Those insects which have an incomplete metamorphosis.
Heminae,of Hemina
Hemina,A measure of half a sextary.
Hemionus,A wild ass found in Thibet; the kiang.
Hemiopia,Alt. of Hemiopsia
Hemiorthotype,Same as Monoclinic.
Hemiplegia,A palsy that affects one side only of the body.
Hemiplegy,Hemiplegia.
Hemipter,One of the Hemiptera.
Hemipteral,Alt. of Hemipterous
Hemipterous,Of or pertaining to the Hemiptera.
Hemipteran,One of the Hemiptera; an hemipter.
Hemisected,of Hemisect
Hemisecting,of Hemisect
Hemisect,To divide along the mesial plane.
Hemispheric,Alt. of Hemispherical
Hemispheroid,A half of a spheroid.
Hemispheroidal,Resembling  or approximating to a hemisphere in form.
Hemispherule,A half spherule.
Hemistich,Half a poetic verse or line  or a verse or line not completed.
Hemisystole,Contraction of only one ventricle of the heart.
Hemitone,See Semitone.
Hemitropal,Alt. of Hemitropous
Hemitropous,Turned half round; half inverted.
Hemitropy,Twin composition in crystals.
Hemmel,A shed or hovel for cattle.
Hemmer,One who  or that which hems with a needle.
Hemo-,Same as Haema-  Haemo-.
Hemoglobinometer,Same as Haemochromometer.
Hemophilia,See Hematophilia.
Hemorrhage,Any discharge of blood from the blood vessels.
Hemorrhoidal,Of or pertaining to  or of the nature of hemorrhoids.
Hemostatic,Of or relating to stagnation of the blood.
Hemoothorax,An effusion of blood into the cavity of the pleura.
Hempen,Made of hemp; as  a hempen cord.
Hempy,Like hemp.
Hemself,Alt. of Hemselven
Hemselven,Themselves; -- used reflexively.
Hemstitched,of Hemstitch
Hemstitching,of Hemstitch
Hemuse,The roebuck in its third year.
Hence,From this place; away.
Henceforth,From this time forward; henceforward.
Henceforward,From this time forward; henceforth.
Henchboy,A page; a servant.
Hencoop,A coop or cage for hens.
Hende,Skillful; dexterous; clever.
Hendecagon,A plane figure of eleven sides and eleven angles.
Hendecasyllabic,Pertaining to a line of eleven syllables.
Hendecasyllable,A metrical line of eleven syllables.
Hendy,See Hende.
Henen,Hence.
Henfish,A marine fish; the sea bream.
Heng,Hung.
Hen-hearted,Cowardly; timid; chicken-hearted.
Henhouses,of Henhouse
Henhouse,A house or shelter for fowls.
Henhussy,A cotquean; a man who intermeddles with women's concerns.
Heniquen,See Jeniquen.
Hennery,An inclosed place for keeping hens.
Hennes,Hence.
Henoge ny,Alt. of Henogenesis
Henogenesis,Same as Ontogeny.
Henotic,Harmonizing; irenic.
Henpecked,of Henpeck
Henpecking,of Henpeck
Henroost,A place where hens roost.
Henrys,of Henry
Hen's-foot,An umbelliferous plant (Caucalis daucoides).
Hente,of Hent
Hent,of Hent
Henware,A coarse  blackish seaweed. See Badderlocks.
Henxman,Henchman.
Hep,See Hip  the fruit of the dog-rose.
Hepaticae,of Hepatica
Hepatical,Hepatic.
Hepatite,A variety of barite emitting a fetid odor when rubbed or heated.
Hepatitis,Inflammation of the liver.
Hepatization,Impregnating with sulphureted hydrogen gas.
Hepatized,of Hepatize
Hepatizing,of Hepatize
Hepatocele,Hernia of the liver.
Hepatogastric,See Gastrohepatic.
Hepatogenic,Alt. of Hepatogenous
Hepatology,The science which treats of the liver; a treatise on the liver.
Hepatoscopy,Divination by inspecting the liver of animals.
Heppen,Neat; fit; comfortable.
Hepper,A young salmon; a parr.
Hepta,A combining form from Gr. epta`  seven.
Heptachord,A system of seven sounds.
Heptade,The sum or number of seven.
Heptaglot,A book in seven languages.
Heptagonal,Having seven angles or sides.
Heptagynia,A Linnaean order of plants having seven pistils.
Heptagynian,Alt. of Heptagynous
Heptagynous,Having seven pistils.
Heptahedron,A solid figure with seven sides.
Heptandria,A Linnaean class of plants having seven stamens.
Heptandrian,Alt. of Heptandrous
Heptandrous,Having seven stamens.
Heptangular,Having seven angles.
Heptaphyllous,Having seven leaves.
Heptarch,Same as Heptarchist.
Heptarchist,A ruler of one division of a heptarchy.
Heptaspermous,Having seven seeds.
Heptastich,A composition consisting of seven lines or verses.
Heptateuch,The first seven books of the Testament.
Heptene,Same as Heptylene.
Heptoic,Pertaining to  or derived from heptane; as heptoic acid.
Heptone,A liquid hydrocarbon  C7H10 of the valylene series.
Hep tree,The wild dog-rose.
Here,Of them; their.
Herakline,A picrate compound  used as an explosive in blasting.
Heralded,of Herald
Heralding,of Herald
Heraldically,In an heraldic manner; according to the rules of heraldry.
Heraldship,The office of a herald.
Heraud,A herald.
Herbage,Herbs collectively; green food beasts; grass; pasture.
Herbaged,Covered with grass.
Herbal,Of or pertaining to herbs.
Herbalism,The knowledge of herbs.
Herbar,An herb.
Herbarian,A herbalist.
Herbarist,A herbalist.
Herbariums,of Herbarium
Herbaria,of Herbarium
Herbarize,See Herborize.
Herbary,A garden of herbs; a cottage garden.
Herber,A garden; a pleasure garden.
Herbergage,Harborage; lodging; shelter; harbor.
Herbergeour,A harbinger.
Herbergh,Alt. of Herberwe
Herberwe,A harbor.
Herbescent,Growing into herbs.
Herbid,Covered with herbs.
Herbiferous,Bearing herbs or vegetation.
Herbist,A herbalist.
Herbivore,One of the Herbivora.
Herbivorous,Eating plants; of or pertaining to the Herbivora.
Herbless,Destitute of herbs or of vegetation.
Herblet,A small herb.
Herborist,A herbalist.
Herborization,The act of herborizing.
Herborized,of Herborize
Herborizing,of Herborize
Herborough,A harbor.
Herbose,Alt. of Herbous
Herbous,Abounding with herbs.
Herb-women,of Herb-woman
Herb-woman,A woman that sells herbs.
Herd,Haired.
Herded,of Herd
Herding,of Herd
Herder,A herdsman.
Herderite,A rare fluophosphate of glucina  in small white crystals.
Herdess,A shepherdess; a female herder.
Herdgroom,A herdsman.
Herdic,A kind of low-hung cab.
Herdman,Alt. of Herdsman
women,of Herdswoman
Herdswoman,A woman who tends a herd.
Herea-bout,Alt. of Hereabouts
Hereabouts,About this place; in this vicinity.
Hereafter,In time to come; in some future time or state.
Hereafterward,Hereafter.
Here-at,At  or by reason of this; as he was offended hereat.
Hereby,By means of this.
Hereditability,State of being hereditable.
Hereditable,Capable of being inherited. See Inheritable.
Hereditably,By inheritance.
Hereditarily,By inheritance; in an hereditary manner.
Herehence,From hence.
Herein,In this.
Hereinbefore,In the preceding part of this (writing  document book etc.).
Hereinto,Into this.
Heremit,Alt. of Heremite
Heremite,A hermit.
Heremitical,Of or pertaining to a hermit; solitary; secluded from society.
Heren,Made of hair.
Hereof,Of this; concerning this; from this; hence.
Hereon,On or upon this; hereupon.
Hereout,Out of this.
Heresiarch,A leader in heresy; the chief of a sect of heretics.
Heresiarchy,A chief or great heresy.
Heresiographer,One who writes on heresies.
Heresiography,A treatise on heresy.
Heresies,of Heresy
Heretical,Containing heresy; of the nature of  or characterized by heresy.
Heretically,In an heretical manner.
Heretification,The act of hereticating or pronouncing heretical.
Hereto,To this; hereunto.
Heretoch,Alt. of Heretog
Heretog,The leader or commander of an army; also  a marshal.
Heretofore,Up to this time; hitherto; before; in time past.
Hereunto,Unto this; up to this time; hereto.
Hereupon,On this; hereon.
Herewith,With this.
Herie,To praise; to worship.
Heriotable,Subject to the payment of a heriot.
Heritability,The state of being heritable.
Heritance,Heritage; inheritance.
Heritor,A proprietor or landholder in a parish.
Herl,Same as Harl  2.
Herling,Alt. of Hirling
Hirling,The young of the sea trout.
Hermae,of Herma
Herma,See Hermes  2.
Hermaphrodeity,Hermaphrodism.
Hermaphrodism,See Hermaphroditism.
Hermaphroditic,Alt. of Hermaphroditical
Hermeneutic,Alt. of Hermeneutical
Hermes,See Mercury.
Hermetic,Alt. of Hermetical
Hermetically,In an hermetical manner; chemically.
Hermitage,The habitation of a hermit; a secluded residence.
Hermitary,A cell annexed to an abbey  for the use of a hermit.
Hermitess,A female hermit.
Hermitical,Pertaining to  or suited for a hermit.
Hern,A heron; esp.  the common European heron.
Herne,A corner.
Hernias,of Hernia
Herniae,of Hernia
Hernial,Of  or connected with hernia.
Herniotomy,A cutting for the cure or relief of hernia; celotomy.
Hernshaw,Heronshaw.
Heroes,of Hero
Heroess,A heroine.
Heroical,Heroic.
Heroicness,Heroism.
Heroicomic,Alt. of Heroicomical
Heroine,A woman of an heroic spirit.
Heroner,A hawk used in hunting the heron.
Heronry,A place where herons breed.
Heronsew,A heronshaw.
Heronshaw,A heron.
Heroologist,One who treats of heroes.
Heroship,The character or personality of a hero.
Herpetism,See Dartrous diathesis  under Dartrous.
Herpetologic,Alt. of Herpetological
Herpetological,Pertaining to herpetology.
Herpetologist,One versed in herpetology  or the natural history of reptiles.
Herpetotomist,One who dissects  or studies the anatomy of reptiles.
Herpetotomy,The anatomy or dissection of reptiles.
Hers,See the Note under Her  pron.
Hersal,Rehearsal.
Herschel,See Uranus.
Hersillon,A beam with projecting spikes  used to make a breach impassable.
Hert,A hart.
Herte,A heart.
Hertely,Hearty; heartily.
Hery,To worship; to glorify; to praise.
Hesitant,Not prompt in deciding or acting; hesitating.
Hesitantly,With hesitancy or doubt.
Hesitated,of Hesitate
Hesitating,of Hesitate
Hesitatingly,With hesitation or doubt.
Hesitative,Showing  or characterized by hesitation.
Hesitatory,Hesitating.
Hesp,A measure of two hanks of linen thread.
Hesper,The evening; Hesperus.
Hesperian,Western; being in the west; occidental.
Hesperid,Same as 3d Hesperian.
Hesperidene,An isomeric variety of terpene from orange oil.
Hesperidium,A large berry with a thick rind  as a lemon or an orange.
Hesperus,Venus when she is the evening star; Hesper.
Hessian,Of or relating to Hesse  in Germany or to the Hessians.
Hessite,A lead-gray sectile mineral. It is a telluride of silver.
Hest,Command; precept; injunction.
Hestern,Alt. of Hesternal
Hesternal,Pertaining to yesterday. [Obs.] See Yester  a.
Hetairism,Alt. of Hetarism
Hetchel,Same as Hatchel.
Hete,of Hete
Het,of Hete
Heterarchy,The government of an alien.
Heterauxesis,Unequal growth of a cell  or of a part of a plant.
Heterocarpous,Characterized by heterocarpism.
Heterochronism,Alt. of Heterochrony
Heteroclitic,Alt. of Heteroclitical
Heteroclitous,Heteroclitic.
Heterodactyl,Heterodactylous.
Heterodactylae,A group of birds including the trogons.
Heterodoxal,Not orthodox.
Heterodromous,Having spirals of changing direction.
Heterogene,Heterogenous.
Heterogeneal,Heterogeneous.
Heterogeneity,The state of being heterogeneous; contrariety.
Heterogenesis,Spontaneous generation  so called.
Heterogenetic,Relating to heterogenesis; as  heterogenetic transformations.
Heterogenous,Of or pertaining to heterogenesis; heterogenetic.
Heterogeny,Heterogenesis.
Heterogonous,Characterized by heterogony.
Heteromera,A division of Coleoptera  having heteromerous tarsi.
Heteromorphism,Alt. of Heteromorphy
Heteromorphy,The state or quality of being heteromorphic.
Heteromorphous,Heteromorphic.
Heteronomous,Subject to the law of another.
Heteroousian,Having different essential qualities; of a different nature.
Heteroousious,See Heteroousian.
Heteropathic,Of or pertaining to the method of heteropathy; allopathic.
Heterophagi,Altrices.
Heterophemist,One liable to the fault of heterophemy.
Heterophony,An abnormal state of the voice.
Heterophyllous,Having leaves of more than one shape on the same plant.
Heteropod,One of the Heteropoda.
Heteropodous,Of or pertaining to the Heteropoda.
Heteropter,One of the Heteroptera.
Heteroptics,False optics.
Heterosporic,Alt. of Heterosporous
Heterosporous,Producing two kinds of spores unlike each other.
Heterostyled,Having styles of two or more distinct forms or lengths.
Heterostylism,The condition of being heterostyled.
Heterotactous,Relating to  or characterized by heterotaxy.
Heterotopism,Alt. of Heterotopy
Heterotropal,Alt. of Heterotropous
Hething,Contempt; scorn.
Hetmans,of Hetman
Heugh,A crag; a cliff; a glen with overhanging sides.
Heuk,Variant of Huke.
Heuristic,Serving to discover or find out.
Heved,The head.
Hewed,of Hew
Hewn,of Hew
Hewing,of Hew
Hewe,A domestic servant; a retainer.
Hewer,One who hews.
Hewhole,The European green woodpecker. See Yaffle.
Hex-,Alt. of Hexa
Hexacapsular,Having six capsules or seed vessels.
Hexactinellid,Having six-rayed spicules; belonging to the Hexactinellinae.
Hexactinia,The Anthozoa.
Hexadactylous,Having six fingers or toes.
Hexade,A series of six numbers.
Hexadecane,See Hecdecane.
Hexagon,A plane figure of six angles.
Hexagonal,Having six sides and six angles; six-sided.
Hexagonally,In an hexagonal manner.
Hexagony,A hexagon.
Hexagynia,A Linnaean order of plants having six pistils.
Hexagynian,Alt. of Hexagynous
Hexagynous,Having six pistils.
Hexahedral,In the form of a hexahedron; having six sides or faces.
Hexahedrons,of Hexahedron
Hexahedra,of Hexahedron
Hexahedron,A solid body of six sides or faces.
Hexahemeron,A term of six days.
Hexamerous,In six parts; in sixes.
Hexametric,Alt. of Hexametrical
Hexametrical,Consisting of six metrical feet.
Hexametrist,One who writes in hexameters.
Hexandria,A Linnaean class of plants having six stamens.
Hexandrian,Alt. of Hex-androus
Hex-androus,Having six stamens.
Hexangular,Having six angles or corners.
Hexapetalous,Having six petals.
Hexaphyllous,Having six leaves or leaflets.
Hexapod,Having six feet.
Hexapodous,Having six feet; belonging to the Hexapoda.
Hexapterous,Having six processes.
Hexastich,Alt. of Hexastichon
Hexastichon,A poem consisting of six verses or lines.
Hexastyle,Having six columns in front; -- said of a portico or temple.
Hexateuch,The first six books of the Old Testament.
Hexatomic,Having six atoms in the molecule.
Hexavalent,Having a valence of six; -- said of hexads.
Hexdecyl,The essential radical  C16H33 of hecdecane.
Hexene,Same as Hexylene.
Hexoctahedron,A solid having forty-eight equal triangular faces.
Hexoic,Pertaining to  or derived from hexane; as hexoic acid.
Hey,High.
Heyday,An expression of frolic and exultation  and sometimes of wonder.
Heydeguy,A kind of country-dance or round.
Heyh,Alt. of Heygh
Heygh,High.
Heyne,A wretch; a rascal.
Heyten,Hence.
Hiation,Act of gaping.
Hiatus,of Hiatus
Hiatuses,of Hiatus
Hibernal,Belonging or relating to winter; wintry; winterish.
Hibernated,of Hibernate
Hibernating,of Hibernate
Hibernation,The act or state of hibernating.
Hibernian,Of or pertaining to Hibernia  now Ireland; Irish.
Hibernicism,Alt. of Hibernianism
Hibernianism,An idiom or mode of speech peculiar to the Irish.
Hiccius doctius,A juggler.
Hiccoughed,of Hiccough
Hiccoughing,of Hiccough
Hickup,See Hiccough.
Hickwall,Alt. of Hickway
Hickway,The lesser spotted woodpecker (Dendrocopus minor) of Europe.
Hid,imp. & p. p. of Hide. See Hidden.
Hidalgo,A title  denoting a Spanish nobleman of the lower class.
Hiddenly,In a hidden manner.
Hiding,of Hide
Hided,of Hide
Hider,One who hides or conceals.
Hied,of Hie
Hying,of Hie
Hiems,Winter.
Hierapicra,A warming cathartic medicine  made of aloes and canella bark.
Hierarchal,Alt. of Hierarchic
Hierarchic,Pertaining to a hierarch.
Hierarchical,Pertaining to a hierarchy.
Hierarchism,The principles or authority of a hierarchy.
Hierarchies,of Hierarchy
Hierarchy,Dominion or authority in sacred things.
Hieratic,Consecrated to sacred uses; sacerdotal; pertaining to priests.
Hierocracy,Government by ecclesiastics; a hierarchy.
Hieroglyph,Alt. of Hieroglyphic
Hieroglyphically,In hieroglyphics.
Hieroglyphist,One versed in hieroglyphics.
Hierogram,A form of sacred or hieratic writing.
Hierogrammatist,A writer of hierograms; also  one skilled in hieroglyphics.
Hierographic,Alt. of Hierographical
Hierographical,Of or pertaining to sacred writing.
Hierography,Sacred writing.
Hierolatry,The worship of saints or sacred things.
Hierologic,Alt. of Hierological
Hierological,Pertaining to hierology.
Hierologist,One versed in  or whostudies hierology.
Hieromancy,Divination by observing the objects offered in sacrifice.
Hiermartyr,A priest who becomes a martyr.
Hieron,A consecrated place; esp.  a temple.
Hieronymite,See Jeronymite.
Hierophantic,Of or relating to hierophants or their teachings.
Hierotheca,A receptacle for sacred objects.
Hierourgy,A sacred or holy work or worship.
Hifalutin,See Highfaluting.
Higgled,of Higgle
Higgling,of Higgle
Higgle,To hawk or peddle provisions.
Higgledy-piggledy,In confusion; topsy-turvy.
Higgler,One who higgles.
High,To hie.
High-blown,Inflated  as with conceit.
Highborn,Of noble birth.
High-bred,Bred in high life; of pure blood.
High-built,Of lofty structure; tall.
High-churchism,The principles of the high-church party.
High-churchman,One who holds high-church principles.
High-churchman-ship,The state of being a high-churchman.
High-colored,Having a strong  deep or glaring color; flushed.
High-embowed,Having lofty arches.
Highering,Rising higher; ascending.
Highfaluting,High-flown  bombastic language.
High-fed,Pampered; fed luxuriously.
High-finished,Finished with great care; polished.
Highflier,One who is extravagant in pretensions  opinions or manners.
High-flown,Elevated; proud.
High-flushed,Elated.
Highflying,Extravagant in opinions or ambition.
High-go,A spree; a revel.
High-hearted,Full of courage or nobleness; high-souled.
High-hoe,The European green woodpecker or yaffle.
High-holder,The flicker; -- called also high-hole.
Highlandry,Highlanders  collectively.
High-low,A laced boot  ankle high.
Highmen,Loaded dice so contrived as to turn up high numbers.
High-minded,Proud; arrogant.
High-mindedness,The quality of being highminded; nobleness; magnanimity.
Highmost,Highest.
Highness,The state of being high; elevation; loftiness.
High-palmed,Having high antlers; bearing full-grown antlers aloft.
High priest,A chief priest; esp.  the head of the Jewish priesthood.
High-priesthood,The office  dignity or position of a high priest.
High-priestship,High-priesthood.
High-principled,Possessed of noble or honorable principles.
High-raised,Elevated; raised aloft; upreared.
High-reaching,Reaching high or upward; hence  ambitious; aspiring.
High-red,Of a strong red color.
Highroad,A highway; a much traveled or main road.
High-seasoned,Enriched with spice and condiments; hence  exciting; piquant.
High-sighted,Looking upward; supercilious.
High-souled,Having a high or noble spirit; honorable.
High-sounding,Pompous; noisy; ostentatious; as  high-sounding words or titles.
High-stomached,Having a lofty spirit; haughty.
High-swelling,Inflated; boastful.
Hight,A variant of Height.
Hot,of Hight
Hote,of Hight
Hoten,of Hight
Hightener,That which heightens.
Highth,Variant of Height.
High-toned,High in tone or sound.
High-top,A ship's masthead.
Highty-tighty,Hoity-toity.
Highwaymen,of Highwayman
Highwayman,One who robs on the public road; a highway robber.
High-wrought,Wrought with fine art or skill; elaborate.
Higre,See Eagre.
Hijera,Alt. of Hijra
Hijra,See Hegira.
Hilal,Of or pertaining to a hilum.
Hilar,Belonging to the hilum.
Hilarious,Mirthful; noisy; merry.
Hilarity,Boisterous mirth; merriment; jollity.
Hilding,A base  menial wretch.
Hile,To hide. See Hele.
Hilled,of Hill
Hilling,of Hill
Hilliness,The state of being hilly.
Hillock,A small hill.
Hillside,The side or declivity of a hill.
Hilltop,The top of a hill.
Hilly,Abounding with hills; uneven in surface; as  a hilly country.
Hilt,A handle; especially  the handle of a sword dagger or the like.
Hilus,Same as Hilum  2.
Him,Them. See Hem.
Himpne,A hymn.
Himselven,Themselves. See Hemself.
Himselve,See 1st Himself.
Himyaric,Alt. of Himyaritic
Hind,The female of the red deer  of which the male is the stag.
Hindberry,The raspberry.
Hindered,of Hinder
Hindering,of Hinder
Hinderance,Same as Hindrance.
Hinderer,One who  or that which hinders.
Hinderest,Hindermost; -- superl. of Hind  a.
Hinderling,A worthless  base degenerate person or animal.
Hindermost,Alt. of Hindmost
Hindmost,Furthest in or toward the rear; last.
Hindoos,of Hindu
Hindus,of Hindu
Hindoo,Alt. of Hindu
Hindooism,Alt. of Hinduism
Hinduism,The religious doctrines and rites of the Hindoos; Brahmanism.
Hindoostanee,Alt. of Hindustani
Hindustani,Of or pertaining to the Hindoos or their language.
Hindrance,The act of hindering  or the state of being hindered.
Hine,A servant; a farm laborer; a peasant; a hind.
Hinged,of Hinge
Hinging,of Hinge
Hingeless,Without a hinge or joint.
Hink,A reaping hook.
Hinniate,Alt. of Hinny
Hinny,To neigh; to whinny.
Hinnies,of Hinny
Hinted,of Hint
Hinting,of Hint
Hintingly,In a hinting manner.
Hipped,of Hip
Hipping,of Hip
Hipps,See Hyp  n.
Hiphalt,Lame in the hip.
Hippa,Alt. of Hippe
Hippish,Somewhat hypochondriac; melancholy. See Hyppish.
Hippocamp,See Hippocampus.
Hippocampal,Of or pertaining to the hippocampus.
Hippocentaur,Same as Centaur.
Hippocras,A cordial made of spiced wine  etc.
Hippocratic,Of or pertaining to Hippocrates  or to his teachings.
Hippocratism,The medical philosophy or system of Hippocrates.
Hippocrepiform,Shaped like a horseshoe.
Hippodame,A fabulous sea monster.
Hippodrome,A place set apart for equestrian and chariot races.
Hippogriff,A fabulous winged animal  half horse and half griffin.
Hippopathology,The science of veterinary medicine; the pathology of the horse.
Hippophagi,Eaters of horseflesh.
Hippophagism,Hippophagy.
Hippophagist,One who eats horseflesh.
Hippophagy,The act or practice of feeding on horseflesh.
Hippophile,One who loves horses.
Hippopotamuses,of Hippopotamus
Hippopotami,of Hippopotamus
Hippotomy,Anatomy of the horse.
Hippuric,Obtained from the urine of horses; as  hippuric acid.
Hip-roofed,Having a hip roof.
Hip tree,The dog-rose.
Hir,See Here  pron.
Hircin,Hircic acid. See Hircic.
Hircine,Alt. of Hircinous
Hircinous,Goatlike; of or pertaining to a goat or the goats.
Hire,See Here  pron.
Hired,of Hire
Hiring,of Hire
Hireless,Without hire.
Hirer,One who hires.
Hires,Alt. of Hirs
Hirs,Hers; theirs. See Here  pron.
Hirsute,Rough with hair; set with bristles; shaggy.
Hirsuteness,Hairiness.
Hirtellous,Pubescent with minute and somewhat rigid hairs.
Hirudine,Of or pertaining to the leeches.
Hirundine,Like or pertaining to the swallows.
Hirundo,A genus of birds including the swallows and martins.
Hisingerite,A soft black  iron ore nearly earthy a hydrous silicate of iron.
Hispanic,Of or pertaining to Spain or its language; as  Hispanic words.
Hispanicism,A Spanish idiom or mode of speech.
Hispid,Rough with bristles or minute spines.
Hispidulous,Minutely hispid.
Hissed,of Hiss
Hissing,of Hiss
Hissingly,With a hissing sound.
Hist,Hush; be silent; -- a signal for silence.
Histiology,Same as Histology.
Histogeny,Same as Histogenesis.
Histographer,One who describes organic tissues; an histologist.
Histographical,Of or pertaining to histography.
Histography,A description of  or treatise on organic tissues.
Histoid,Resembling the normal tissues; as  histoid tumors.
Histologic,Alt. of Histological
Histologist,One versed in histology.
Histolytic,Of or pertaining to histolysis  or the degeneration of tissues.
Histophyly,The tribal history of cells  a division of morphophyly.
Historial,Historical.
Historian,A writer of history; a chronicler; an annalist.
Historic,Alt. of Historical
Historically,In the manner of  or in accordance with history.
Historicize,To record or narrate in the manner of a history; to chronicle.
Historied,Related in history.
Historier,An historian.
Historiette,Historical narration on a small scale; a brief recital; a story.
Histority,To record in or as history.
Historiographership,The office of an historiographer.
Historiography,The art of employment of an historiographer.
Historiology,A discourse on history.
Historize,To relate as history; to chronicle; to historicize.
Histories,of History
Histotomy,The dissection of organic tissues.
Histrion,A player.
Histrionic,Alt. of Histrionical
Histrionicism,The histronic art; stageplaying.
Histrionism,Theatrical representation; acting; affectation.
Histrionize,To act; to represent on the stage  or theatrically.
Hit,It.
Hitting,of Hit
Hitched,of Hitch
Hitching,of Hitch
Hitchel,See Hatchel.
Hithermost,Nearest on this side.
Hitherto,To this place; to a prescribed limit.
Hitherward,Toward this place; hither.
Hitter,One who hits or strikes; as  a hard hitter.
Hived,of Hive
Hiving,of Hive
Hiveless,Destitute of a hive.
Hiver,One who collects bees into a hive.
Hives,The croup.
Hizz,To hiss.
Ho,Who.
Hoa,A stop; a halt; a moderation of pace.
Hoar,White  or grayish white; as hoar frost; hoar cliffs.
Hoard,See Hoarding  2.
Hoarded,of Hoard
Hoarding,of Hoard
Hoarder,One who hoards.
Hoared,Moldy; musty.
Hoarhound,Same as Horehound.
Hoariness,The state of being hoary.
Hoarsely,With a harsh  grating sound or voice.
Hoarsened,of Hoarsen
Hoarsening,of Hoarsen
Hoarsen,To make hoarse.
Hoarstone,A stone designating the /ounds of an estate; a landmark.
Hoary,White or whitish.
Hoatzin,Same as Hoazin.
Hoaxed,of Hoax
Hoaxing,of Hoax
Hoaxer,One who hoaxes.
Hob,The hub of a wheel. See Hub.
Hobanob,Alt. of Hobandnob
Hobandnob,Same as Hobnob.
Hobbist,One who accepts the doctrines of Thomas Hobbes.
Hobbled,of Hobble
Hobbling,of Hobble
Hobbledehoy,Alt. of Hobbletehoy
Hobbletehoy,A youth between boy and man; an awkward  gawky young fellow .
Hobbler,One who hobbles.
Hobblingly,With a limping step.
Hobbly,Rough; uneven; causing one to hobble; as a hobbly road.
Hobbies,of Hobby
Hobbyhorsical,Pertaining to  or having a hobby or whim; eccentric; whimsical.
Hobiler,A light horseman. See 2d Hobbler.
Hobit,A small mortar on a gun carriage  in use before the howitzer.
Hobnailed,See with hobnails  as a shoe.
Hornobbed,of Hobnob
Hornobbing,of Hobnob
Hobornob,See Hobnob.
Hoboy,A hautboy or oboe.
Hobson's choice,A choice without an alternative; the thing offered or nothing.
Hochepot,Hotchpot.
Hockamore,A Rhenish wine. [Obs.] See Hock.
Hockherb,The mallow.
Hockled,of Hockle
Hockling,of Hockle
Hockle,To hamstring; to hock; to hough.
Hocus,To deceive or cheat.
Hocuspocus,A term used by jugglers in pretended incantations.
Hoddy,See Dun crow  under Dun a.
Hoddydoddy,An awkward or foolish person.
Hodgepodge,A mixed mass; a medley. See Hotchpot.
Hodiern,Alt. of Hodiernal
Hodiernal,Of this day; belonging to the present day.
Hodmen,of Hodman
Hodman,A man who carries a hod; a mason's tender.
Hodmandod,See Dodman.
Hodometer,See Odometer.
Hoed,of Hoe
Hoeing,of Hoe
Hoful,Careful; wary.
Hogged,of Hog
Hogging,of Hog
Hogcote,A shed for swine; a sty.
Hogfish,A large West Indian and Florida food fish (Lachnolaemus).
Hogger,A stocking without a foot  worn by coal miners at work.
Hoggerel,A sheep of the second year. [Written also hogrel.] Ash.
Hoggerpipe,The upper terminal pipe of a mining pump.
Hogger-pump,The for pump in the pit.
Hoggery,Hoggish character or manners; selfishness; greed; beastliness.
Hogget,A young boar of the second year.
Hoggish,Swinish; gluttonous; filthy; selfish.
Hogh,A hill; a cliff.
Hogherd,A swineherd.
Hognut,The pignut.
Hogo,High flavor; strong scent.
Hogpen,A pen or sty for hogs.
Hogringer,One who puts rings into the snouts of hogs.
Hog's-back,A hogback.
Hogskin,Leather tanned from a hog's skin. Also used adjectively.
Hogsties,of Hogsty
Hogsty,A pen  house or inclosure for hogs.
Hogwash,Swill.
Hogweed,A common weed (Ambrosia artemisiaege). See Ambrosia  3.
Hoiden,A rude  clownish youth.
Hoidenhood,State of being a hoiden.
Hoidenish,Like  or appropriate to a hoiden.
Hoise,To hoist.
Hoisted,of Hoist
Hoisting,of Hoist
Hoistaway,A mechanical lift. See Elevator.
Hoit,To leap; to caper; to romp noisily.
Hokeday,Same as Hockday.
Hoker,Scorn; derision; abusive talk.
Hol,Whole.
Holcad,A large ship of burden  in ancient Greece.
Holding,of Hold
Holden,of Hold
Holdback,Check; hindrance; restraint; obstacle.
Holder,One who is employed in the hold of a vessel.
Holder-forth,One who speaks in public; an haranguer; a preacher.
Hole,Whole.
Holethnic,Of or pertaining to a holethnos or parent race.
Holibut,See Halibut.
Holidam,See Halidom.
Holily,Piously; with sanctity; in a holy manner.
Holla,Hollo.
Hollaed,of Holla
Hollaing,of Holla
Hollander,A native or one of the people of Holland; a Dutchman.
Hollandish,Relating to Holland; Dutch.
Hollands,Gin made in Holland.
Holloed,of Hollo
Holloing,of Hollo
Holloa,Same as Hollo.
Hollowed,of Hollow
Hollowing,of Hollow
Hollow-horned,Having permanent horns with a bony core  as cattle.
Hollowly,Insincerely; deceitfully.
Hollowness,State of being hollow.
Holly,Wholly.
Holmia,An oxide of holmium.
Holmium,A rare element said to be contained in gadolinite.
Holmos,A name given to a vase having a rounded body
Holo-,A combining form fr. Gr. o`los whole.
Holoblast,an ovum composed entirely of germinal matter. See Meroblast.
Holocryptic,Wholly or completely concealing; incapable of being deciphered.
Holographic,Of the nature of a holograph; pertaining to holographs.
Holometabola,Those insects which have a complete metamorphosis; metabola.
Holometer,An instrument for making of angular measurements.
Holophanerous,Same as Holometabolic.
Holophytic,Wholly or distinctively vegetable.
Holorhinal,Having the nasal bones contiguous.
Holostean,Pertaining to the Holostei.
Holostomate,Same as Holostomatous.
Holostomatous,Having an entire aperture; -- said of many univalve shells.
Holostome,One of the Holostomata.
Holothure,A holothurian.
Holothurian,Belonging to the Holothurioidea.
Holothurioidea,One of the classes of echinoderms.
Holotricha,A group of ciliated Infusoria  having cilia all over the body.
Holour,A whoremonger.
Holsom,Wholesome.
Holstered,Bearing holsters.
Holt,3d pers. sing. pres. of Hold  contr. from holdeth.
Holwe,Hollow.
Holy cross,The cross as the symbol of Christ's crucifixion.
Holyday,A religious festival.
Holystone,A stone used by seamen for scrubbing the decks of ships.
Homaged,of Homage
Homaging,of Homage
Homageable,Subject to homage.
Homalographic,Same as Homolographic.
Homaloid,Alt. of Homaloidal
Homarus,A genus of decapod Crustacea  including the common lobsters.
Home,See Homelyn.
Homeborn,Native; indigenous; not foreign.
Home-bound,Kept at home.
Home-bred,Bred at home; domestic; not foreign.
Home-coming,Return home.
Home-driven,Driven to the end  as a nail; driven close.
Home-dwelling,Keeping at home.
Home-felt,Felt in one's own breast; inward; private.
Homefield,A field adjacent to its owner's home.
Home-keeping,Staying at home; not gadding.
Homeless,Destitute of a home.
Homelike,Like a home; comfortable; cheerful; cozy; friendly.
Homelily,Plainly; inelegantly.
Homeliness,Domesticity; care of home.
Homeopath,A practitioner of homeopathy.
Homeopathically,According to the practice of homeopathy.
Homeopathist,A believer in  or practitioner of homeopathy.
Homesick,Pining for home; in a nostalgic condition.
Home-speaking,Direct  forcible and effective speaking.
Homespun,Spun or wrought at home; of domestic manufacture; coarse; plain.
Homestall,Place of a home; homestead.
Homeward,Being in the direction of home; as  the homeward way.
Homewards,Toward home; in the direction of one's house  town or country.
Homicidal,Pertaining to homicide; tending to homicide; murderous.
Homicide,The killing of one human being by another.
Homiform,In human form.
Homilete,A homilist.
Homiletic,Alt. of Homiletical
Homilist,One who prepares homilies; one who preaches to a congregation.
Homilies,of Homily
Homing,Home-returning; -- used specifically of carrier pigeons.
Homish,Like a home or a home circle.
Homo-,A combining form from Gr. omo`s  one and the same common joint.
Homocentric,Having the same center.
Homocercy,The possession of a homocercal tail.
Homocerebrin,A body similar to  or identical with cerebrin.
Homodermic,Relating to homodermy; originating from the same germ layer.
Homodermy,Homology of the germinal layers.
Homodromal,Alt. of Homodromous
Homodynamic,Homodynamous.
Homodynamy,The homology of metameres. See Metamere.
Homoeomeric,Alt. of Homoeomerical
Homoeomery,Same as Homoeomeria.
Homoeomorphous,Manifesting homoeomorphism.
Homoeopathic,Alt. of Homoeopathy
Homoeopathist,Alt. of Homoeopathy
Homoeopathy,Same as Homeopathic  Homeopathist Homeopathy.
Homoeothermal,See Homoiothermal.
Homogamy,The condition of being homogamous.
Homogene,Homogeneous.
Homogeneal,Homogeneous.
Homogenealness,Homogeneousness.
Homogeneity,Same as Homogeneousness.
Homogeneousness,Sameness 9kind or nature; uniformity of structure or material.
Homogeny,Joint nature.
Homogony,The condition of having homogonous flowers.
Homologated,of Homologate
Homologating,of Homologate
Homologize,To determine the homologies or structural relations of.
Homologon,See Homologue.
Homomorphic,Alt. of Homomorphous
Homomorphous,Characterized by homomorphism.
Homomorphism,Same as Homomorphy.
Homonomous,Of or pertaining to homonomy.
Homonomy,The homology of parts arranged on transverse axes.
Homonymy,Sameness of name or designation; identity in relations.
Homoorgan,Same as Homoplast.
Homophone,A letter or character which expresses a like sound with another.
Homophonic,Alt. of Homophonous
Homophony,Sameness of sound.
Homophylic,Relating to homophily.
Homoplasty,The formation of homologous tissues.
Homoplasy,See Homogeny.
Homopter,One of the Homoptera.
Homopteran,An homopter.
Homopterous,Of or pertaining to the Homoptera.
Homotaxia,Same as Homotaxis.
Homotaxial,Alt. of Homotaxic
Homotaxic,Relating to homotaxis.
Homotaxy,Same as Homotaxis.
Homothermic,Alt. of Homothermous
Homothermous,Warm-blooded; homoiothermal; haematothermal.
Homotonous,Of the same tenor or tone; equable; without variation.
Homotropal,Alt. of Homotropous
Homotropous,Turned in the same direction with something else.
Homotypic,Alt. of Homotypical
Homotypical,Same as Homotypal.
Homunculi,of Homunculus
Homunculus,A little man; a dwarf; a manikin.
Hond,Hand.
Hone,To pine; to lament; to long.
Honed,of Hone
Honing,of Hone
Honest,Decent; honorable; suitable; becoming.
Honestation,The act of honesting; grace; adornment.
Honestetee,Honesty; honorableness.
Honestly,Honorably; becomingly; decently.
Honesty,Honor; honorableness; dignity; propriety; suitableness; decency.
Honeyed,of Honey
Honeying,of Honey
Honey-bag,The receptacle for honey in a honeybee.
Honeybird,The honey guide.
Honeycombed,Formed or perforated like a honeycomb.
Honeyless,Destitute of honey.
Honeymoon,The first month after marriage.
Honey-mouthed,Soft to sweet in speech; persuasive.
Honeystone,See Mellite.
Honeysucker,See Honey eater  under Honey.
Honeysuckled,Covered with honeysuckles.
Honey-sweet,Sweet as honey.
Honey-tongued,Sweet speaking; persuasive; seductive.
Honeyware,See Badderlocks.
Honied,See Honeyed.
Honk,The cry of a wild goose.
Honored,of Honor
Honoring,of Honor
Honorableness,The state of being honorable; eminence; distinction.
Honorarium,Alt. of Honorary
Honorer,One who honors.
Honorific,Conferring honor; tending to honor.
Honorless,Destitute of honor; not honored.
Hont,See under Hunt.
Hoo,See Ho.
Hood,State; condition.
Hooded,of Hood
Hooding,of Hood
Hoodcap,See Hooded seal  under Hooded.
Hoodless,Having no hood.
Hoodlum,A young rowdy; a rough  lawless fellow.
Hoodman,The person blindfolded in the game called hoodman-blind.
Hoodman-blind,An old term for blindman's buff.
Hood molding,Alt. of Hood moulding
Hoodoo,One who causes bad luck.
Hoodwink,To blind by covering the eyes.
Hoody,The hooded crow; also  in Scotland the hooded gull.
Hoofs,of Hoof
Hooves,of Hoof
Hoofed,Furnished with hoofs.
Hoofless,Destitute of hoofs.
Hooked,of Hook
Hooking,of Hook
Hook-billed,Having a strongly curved bill.
Hookedness,The state of being bent like a hook; incurvation.
Hooker,One who  or that which hooks.
Hooke's joint,A universal joint. See under Universal.
Hookey,See Hockey.
Hooklet,A little hook.
Hook-nosed,Having a hooked or aquiline nose.
Hooky,Full of hooks; pertaining to hooks.
Hool,Whole.
Hoom,Home.
Hoonoomaun,An Indian monkey. See Entellus.
Hooped,of Hoop
Hooping,of Hoop
Hooper,One who hoops casks or tubs; a cooper.
Hoopoe,Alt. of Hoopoo
Hoosier,A nickname given to an inhabitant of the State of Indiana.
Hooted,of Hoot
Hooting,of Hoot
Hoot,To cry out or shout in contempt.
Hooven,Alt. of Hoven
Hopped,of Hop
Hopping,of Hop
Hopbine,Alt. of Hopbind
Hopbind,The climbing stem of the hop.
Hope,A sloping plain between mountain ridges.
Hoped,of Hope
Hoping,of Hope
Hopeite,A hydrous phosphate of zinc in transparent prismatic crystals.
Hopeless,Destitute of hope; having no expectation of good; despairing.
Hoper,One who hopes.
Hopingly,In a hopeful manner.
Hoplite,A heavy-armed infantry soldier.
Hop-o'-my-thumb,Alt. of Hop-thumb
Hop-thumb,A very diminutive person.
Hopper,One who  or that which hops.
Hopperings,Gravel retaining in the hopper of a cradle.
Hoppet,A hand basket; also  a dish used by miners for measuring ore.
Hoppled,of Hopple
Hoppling,of Hopple
Hopplebush,Same as Hobblebush.
Hoppo,A collector of customs  as at Canton; an overseer of commerce.
Hopyard,A field where hops are raised.
Horal,Of or pertaining to an hour  or to hours.
Horaly,Hourly.
Horary,Of or pertaining to an hour; noting the hours.
Hore,Hoar.
Horizontal,Pertaining to  or near the horizon.
Horizontality,The state or quality of being horizontal.
Hornbeak,A fish. See Hornfish.
Hornblower,One who  or that which blows a horn.
Hornedness,The condition of being horned.
Hornel,The European sand eel.
Horner,One who works or deal in horn or horns.
Hornfish,The garfish or sea needle.
Hornfoot,Having hoofs; hoofed.
Hornify,To horn; to cuckold.
Hornish,Somewhat like horn; hard.
Hornless,Having no horn.
Horn-mad,Quite mad; -- raving crazy.
Hornotine,A yearling; a bird of the year.
Hornowl,See Horned Owl.
Hornpike,The garfish.
Hornpout,See Horned pout  under Horned.
Hornwort,An aquatic plant (Ceratophyllum)  with finely divided leaves.
Hornwrack,A bryozoan of the genus Flustra.
Horny,Having horns or hornlike projections.
Horny-handed,Having the hands horny and callous from labor.
Horography,An account of the hours.
Horologe,A servant who called out the hours.
Horological,Relating to a horologe  or to horology.
Horologiographer,A maker of clocks  watches or dials.
Horologiographic,Of or pertaining to horologiography.
Horologiography,An account of instruments that show the hour.
Horologist,One versed in horology.
Horometer,An instrument for measuring time.
Horometrical,Belonging to horometry.
Horopteric,Of or pertaining to the horopter.
Horoscoper,Alt. of Horoscopist
Horoscopist,One versed in horoscopy; an astrologer.
Horrendous,Fearful; frightful.
Horribly,In a manner to excite horror; dreadfully; terribly.
Horrid,Rough; rugged; bristling.
Horridly,In a horrid manner.
Horridness,The quality of being horrid.
Horrific,Causing horror; frightful.
Horrification,That which causes horror.
Horrified,of Horrify
Horrifying,of Horrify
Horrisonant,Horrisonous.
Horrisonous,Sounding dreadfully; uttering a terrible sound.
Horror,A bristling up; a rising into roughness; tumultuous movement.
Horror-sticken,Struck with horror; horrified.
Horror-struck,Horror-stricken; horrified.
Hors de combat,Out of the combat; disabled from fighting.
Horsed,of Horse
Horsing,of Horse
Horseback,The back of a horse.
Horse-drench,A dose of physic for a horse.
Horsefish,The moonfish (Selene setipinnis).
Horseflesh,The flesh of horses.
Horseflies,of Horsefly
Horsefeet,of Horsefoot
Horsefoot,The coltsfoot.
Horsehead,The silver moonfish (Selene vomer).
Horsehide,The hide of a horse.
Horse-jockey,A professional rider and trainer of race horses.
Horseknop,Knapweed.
Horselaugh,A loud  boisterous laugh; a guffaw.
Horse-litter,A carriage hung on poles  and borne by and between two horses.
Horsemen,of Horseman
Horsemint,A coarse American plant of the Mint family (Monarda punctata).
Horseplay,Rude  boisterous play.
Horsepond,A pond for watering horses.
Horse power,The power which a horse exerts.
Horserake,A rake drawn by a horse.
Horseshoer,One who shoes horses.
Horseshoeing,The act or employment of shoeing horses.
Horseweed,A composite plant (Erigeron Canadensis)  which is a common weed.
Horsewhip,A whip for horses.
Horsewomen,of Horsewoman
Horsewoman,A woman who rides on horseback.
Horseworm,The larva of a botfly.
Horsly,Horselike.
Hortation,The act of exhorting  inciting or giving advice; exhortation.
Hortative,Giving exhortation; advisory; exhortative.
Hortensial,Fit for a garden.
Horticultor,One who cultivates a garden.
Horticulturist,One who practices horticulture.
Hortulan,Belonging to a garden.
Hortyard,An orchard.
Hosannas,of Hosanna
Hose,of Hose
Hosen,of Hose
Hosiery,The business of a hosier.
Hospitableness,The quality of being hospitable; hospitality.
Hospitably,In a hospitable manner.
Hospitage,Hospitality.
Hospital,A place for shelter or entertainment; an inn.
Hospitalities,of Hospitality
Hospitate,To receive hospitality; to be a guest.
Hospitium,An inn; a lodging; a hospice.
Hostel,An inn.
Hosteler,The keeper of a hostel or inn.
Hostelry,An inn; a lodging house.
Hostess-ship,The character  personality or office of a hostess.
Hostie,The consecrated wafer; the host.
Hostilely,In a hostile manner.
Hostilities,of Hostility
Hostilize,To make hostile; to cause to become an enemy.
Hosting,An encounter; a battle.
Hostler,An innkeeper. [Obs.] See Hosteler.
Hostless,Inhospitable.
Hostry,A hostelry; an inn or lodging house.
Hot blast,See under Blast.
Hotchpot,Alt. of Hotchpotch
Hotel-de-ville,A city hall or townhouse.
Hotel-Dieu,A hospital.
Hotfoot,In haste; foothot.
Hot-headed,Fiery; violent; rash; hasty; impetuous; vehement.
Hot-livered,Of an excitable or irritable temperament; irascible.
Hot-mouthed,Headstrong.
Hotness,The quality or state of being hot.
Hotpressed,Pressed while heat is applied. See Hotpress  v. t.
Hot-short,More or less brittle when heated; as  hot-short iron.
Hot-spirited,Having a fiery spirit; hot-headed.
Hotspur,A rash  hot-headed man.
Hotspurred,Violent; impetuous; headstrong.
Hottentotism,A term employed to describe one of the varieties of stammering.
Houdah,See Howdah.
Houghed,of Hough
Houghing,of Hough
Houlet,An owl. See Howlet.
Hoult,A piece of woodland; a small wood. [Obs.] See Holt.
Hounded,of Hound
Hounding,of Hound
Houp,See Hoopoe.
Hour,The twenty-fourth part of a day; sixty minutes.
Houris,of Houri
Houri,A nymph of paradise; -- so called by the Mohammedans.
Hours,Goddess of the seasons  or of the hours of the day.
Housage,A fee for keeping goods in a house.
Houses,of House
Housed,of House
Housing,of House
Housebreaker,One who is guilty of the crime of housebreaking.
Housebuilder,One whose business is to build houses; a housewright.
Housecarl,A household servant; also  one of the bodyguard of King Canute.
Household,Those who dwell under the same roof and compose a family.
Housekeeping,The state of occupying a dwelling house as a householder.
Housel,The eucharist.
Houselessness,The state of being houseless.
Houseling,Same as Housling.
Housemate,One who dwells in the same house with another.
Houseroom,Room or place in a house; as  to give any one houseroom.
Housewright,A builder of houses.
Housling,Sacramental; as  housling fire.
Houss,A saddlecloth; a housing.
Houtou,A beautiful South American motmot.
Houve,A head covering of various kinds; a hood; a coif; a cap.
Hoveled,of Hovel
Hovelled,of Hovel
Hoveling,of Hovel
Hovelling,of Hovel
Hover,A cover; a shelter; a protection.
Hovered,of Hover
Hovering,of Hover
Hover-hawk,The kestrel.
Hoveringly,In a hovering manner.
How,In what manner or way; by what means or process.
Howadji,A traveler.
Howdy,A midwife.
Howell,The upper stage of a porcelian furnace.
However,In whetever manner  way or degree.
Howitz,A howitzer.
Howker,Same as Hooker.
Howled,of Howl
Howling,of Howl
Howler,One who howls.
Howlet,An owl; an owlet.
Howp,To cry out; to whoop.
Howso,Howsoever.
Howsoever,In what manner soever; to whatever degree or extent; however.
Howve,A hood. See Houve.
Hox,To hock; to hamstring. See Hock.
Hoyden,Same as Hoiden.
Hoymen,of Hoyman
Hoyman,One who navigates a hoy.
Huanaco,See Guanaco.
Hubbub,A loud noise of many confused voices; a tumult; uproar.
Huch,Alt. of Huchen
Huck,To higgle in trading.
Huckaback,A kind of linen cloth with raised figures  used for towelings.
Huckle,The hip; the haunch.
Huckle-backed,Round-shoulded.
Huckstered,of Huckster
Huckstering,of Huckster
Hucksterage,The business of a huckster; small dealing; peddling.
Hucksterer,A huckster.
Huckstress,A female huckster.
Hud,A huck or hull  as of a nut.
Huddled,of Huddle
Huddling,of Huddle
Huddler,One who huddles things together.
Hudge,An iron bucket for hoisting coal or ore.
Hue,Color or shade of color; tint; dye.
Hueless,Destitute of color.
Huffed,of Huff
Huffing,of Huff
Huff,To swell; to enlarge; to puff up; as  huffed up with air.
Huffcap,A blusterer; a bully.
Huffer,A bully; a blusterer.
Huffiness,The state of being huffish; petulance; bad temper.
Huffingly,Blusteringly; arrogantly.
Huffish,Disposed to be blustering or arrogant; petulant.
Huffy,Puffed up; as  huffy bread.
Hugged,of Hug
Hugging,of Hug
Hug,To cower; to crouch; to curl up.
Hugger,One who hugs or embraces.
Huggle,To hug.
Huguenotism,The religion of the Huguenots in France.
Hugy,Vast.
Huisher,See Usher.
Huke,An outer garment worn in Europe in the Middle Ages.
Hulan,See Uhlan.
Hulch,A hunch.
Hulchy,Swollen; gibbous.
Hulking,Alt. of Hulky
Hulky,Bulky; unwiedly.
Hulled,of Hull
Hulling,of Hull
Hullabaloo,A confused noise; uproar; tumult.
Hullo,See Hollo.
Hully,Having or containing hulls.
Huloist,See Hyloist.
Hulotheism,See Hylotheism.
Hulver,Holly  an evergreen shrub or tree.
Hummed,of Hum
Humming,of Hum
Humanate,Indued with humanity.
Humane,Pertaining to man; human.
Humanics,The study of human nature.
Humanify,To make human; to invest with a human personality; to incarnate.
Humanism,Human nature or disposition; humanity.
Humanistic,Of or pertaining to humanity; as  humanistic devotion.
Humanitian,A humanist.
Humanities,of Humanity
Humanization,The act of humanizing.
Humanized,of Humanize
Humanizing,of Humanize
Humanizer,One who renders humane.
Humankind,Mankind.
Humanness,The quality or state of being human.
Humate,A salt of humic acid.
Humation,Interment; inhumation.
Humbird,Humming bird.
Humbled,of Humble
Humbling,of Humble
Humblebee,The bumblebee.
Humblehead,Humble condition or estate; humility.
Humbleness,The quality of being humble; humility; meekness.
Humbler,One who  or that which humbles some one.
Humbles,Entrails of a deer.
Humblesse,Humbleness; abasement; low obeisance.
Humbly,With humility; lowly.
Humbugged,of Humbug
Humbugging,of Humbug
Humbugger,One who humbugs.
Humbuggery,The practice of imposition.
Humdrum,Monotonous; dull; commonplace.
Humect,Alt. of Humectate
Humectate,To moisten; to wet.
Humectant,Diluent.
Humectation,A moistening.
Humective,Tending to moisten.
Humeri,of Humerus
Humerus,The bone of the brachium  or upper part of the arm or fore limb.
Humicubation,The act or practice of lying on the ground.
Humidness,Humidity.
Humifuse,Spread over the surface of the ground; procumbent.
Humiliant,Humiliating; humbling.
Humiliated,of Humiliate
Humiliating,of Humiliate
Humilities,of Humility
Hummel,To separate from the awns; -- said of barley.
Hummeler,One who  or a machine which hummels.
Hummer,One who  or that which hums; one who applauds by humming.
Hummocking,The process of forming hummocks in the collision of Arctic ice.
Hummocky,Abounding in hummocks.
Hummum,A sweating bath or place for sweating.
Humored,of Humor
Humoring,of Humor
Humoralism,The state or quality of being humoral.
Humoralist,One who favors the humoral pathology or believes in humoralism.
Humorist,One who attributes diseases of the state of the humors.
Humoristic,Of  pertaining to or resembling a humorist.
Humorize,To humor.
Humorless,Destitute of humor.
Humorous,Moist; humid; watery.
Humorously,Capriciously; whimsically.
Humorousness,Moodiness; capriciousness.
Humorsome,Moody; whimsical; capricious.
Humorsomely,Pleasantly; humorously.
Humorsomeness,Quality of being humorsome.
Humpback,A crooked back; a humped back.
Humpbacked,Having a humped back.
Humped,Having a hump  as the back.
Humph,An exclamation denoting surprise  or contempt doubt etc.
Humpless,Without a hump.
Hump-shouldered,Having high  hunched shoulders.
Humpy,Full of humps or bunches; covered with protuberances; humped.
Humulin,An extract of hops.
Hunch,A hump; a protuberance.
Hunched,of Hunch
Hunching,of Hunch
Hunchback,A back with a hunch or hump; also  a hunchbacked person.
Hunchbacked,Having a humped back.
Hundreder,An inhabitant or freeholder of a hundred.
Hundredfold,A hundred times as much or as many.
Hundredth,Coming last of a hundred successive individuals or units.
Hungarian,Of or pertaining to Hungary or to the people of Hungary.
Hungered,of Hunger
Hungering,of Hunger
Hunger-bit,Alt. of Hunger-bitten
Hunger-bitten,Pinched or weakened by hunger.
Hungerer,One who hungers; one who longs.
Hungerly,Wanting food; starved.
Hunger-starve,To starve with hunger; to famish.
Hungred,Hungered; hungry.
Hungrily,In a hungry manner; voraciously.
Hunk,A large lump or piece; a hunch; as  a hunk of bread.
Hunkerism,Excessive conservatism; hostility to progress.
Hunks,A covetous  sordid man; a miser; a niggard.
Hunted,of Hunt
Hunting,of Hunt
Hunt-counter,A worthless dog that runs back on the scent; a blunderer.
Hunte,A hunter.
Huntress,A woman who hunts or follows the chase; as  the huntress Diana.
Huntsmen,of Huntsman
Huntsman,One who hunts  or who practices hunting.
Hurden,A coarse kind of linen; -- called also harden.
Hurdleed,of Hurdle
Hurdleing,of Hurdle
Hurdlework,Work after manner of a hurdle.
Hurds,The coarse part of flax or hemp; hards.
Hurkaru,In India  a running footman; a messenger.
Hurled,of Hurl
Hurling,of Hurl
Hurlbat,See Whirlbat.
Hurlbone,See Whirlbone.
Hurler,One who hurls  or plays at hurling.
Hurlwind,A whirlwind.
Hurly,Noise; confusion; uproar.
Hurly-burly,Tumult; bustle; confusion.
Hurr,To make a rolling or burring sound.
Hurrah,Alt. of Hurra
Hurricanoes,of Hurricano
Hurricano,A waterspout; a hurricane.
Hurrier,One who hurries or urges.
Hurrying,of Hurry
Hurry,To hasten; to impel to greater speed; to urge on.
Hurryingly,In a hurrying manner.
Hurry-skurry,Confusedly; in a bustle.
Hurt,A band on a trip-hammer helve  bearing the trunnions.
Hurting,of Hurt
Hurter,A bodily injury causing pain; a wound  bruise or the like.
Hurtled,of Hurtle
Hurtling,of Hurtle
Hurtle,To meet with violence or shock; to clash; to jostle.
Hurtleberry,See Whortleberry.
Hurtless,Doing no injury; harmless; also  unhurt; without injury or harm.
Husbanded,of Husband
Husbanding,of Husband
Husbandable,Capable of being husbanded  or managed with economy.
Husbandage,The commission or compensation allowed to a ship's husband.
Husbandless,Destitute of a husband.
Husbandly,Frugal; thrifty.
Husbandmen,of Husbandman
Husbandman,The master of a family.
Husbandry,Care of domestic affairs; economy; domestic management; thrift.
Hushed,of Hush
Hushing,of Hush
Husher,An usher.
Husked,of Husk
Husking,of Husk
Huskily,In a husky manner; dryly.
Huskiness,The state of being husky.
Husky,Abounding with husks; consisting of husks.
Hussy,A housewife or housekeeper.
Hustled,of Hustle
Hustling,of Hustle
Huswifely,Like a huswife; capable; economical; prudent.
Huswifery,The business of a housewife; female domestic economy and skill.
Hutted,of Hutch
Hutting,of Hutch
Hutched,of Hutch
Hutching,of Hutch
Huxter,See Huckster.
Huzz,To buzz; to murmur.
Huzzaed,of Huzza
Huzzaing,of Huzza
Hy,High.
Hyacine,A hyacinth.
Hyacinthian,Hyacinthine.
Hyades,Alt. of Hyads
Hyaena,Same as Hyena.
Hyalograph,An instrument for tracing designs on glass.
Hyalography,Art of writing or engraving on glass.
Hyalophane,A species of the feldspar group containing barium. See Feldspar.
Hybernacle,Alt. of Hybernation
Hybernate,Alt. of Hybernation
Hybernation,See Hibernacle  Hibernate Hibernation.
Hybodus,An extinct genus of sharks having conical  compressed teeth.
Hybridism,The state or quality of being hybrid.
Hybridist,One who hybridizes.
Hybridity,Hybridism.
Hybridization,The act of hybridizing  or the state of being hybridized.
Hybridized,of Hybridize
Hybridizing,of Hybridize
Hybridize,To render hybrid; to produce by mixture of stocks.
Hybridizer,One who hybridizes.
Hybridous,Same as Hybrid.
Hydage,A land tax. See Hidage.
Hydantoic,Pertaining to  or derived from hydantoin. See Glycoluric.
Hydatiform,Resembling a hydatid.
Hydatoid,Resembling water; watery; aqueous; hyaloid.
Hydr-,See under Hydro-.
Hydras,of Hydra
Hydrae,of Hydra
Hydraemia,An abnormally watery state of the blood; anaemia.
Hydrargochloride,A compound of the bichloride of mercury with another chloride.
Hydrargyrum,Quicksilver; mercury.
Hydrarthrosis,An effusion of watery liquid into the cavity of a joint.
Hydra-tainted,Dipped in the gall of the fabulous hydra; poisonous; deadly.
Hydrated,of Hydrate
Hydrating,of Hydrate
Hydration,The act of becoming  or state of being a hydrate.
Hydraulical,Hydraulic.
Hydrencephsloid,Same as Hydrocephaloid.
Hydriad,A water nymph.
Hydric,Pertaining to  or containing hydrogen; as hydric oxide.
Hydriform,Having the form or structure of a hydra.
Hydrina,The group of hydroids to which the fresh-water hydras belong.
Hydriodate,Same as Hydriodide.
Hydro-,Alt. of Hydr-
Hydrobilirubin,A body formed from bilirubin  identical with urobilin.
Hydrobromate,Same as Hydrobromide.
Hydrobromic,Composed of hydrogen and bromine; as  hydrobromic acid.
Hydrocarbonaceous,Of the nature  or containing hydrocarbons.
Hydrocarbonate,A hydrocarbon.
Hydrocarburet,Carbureted hydrogen; also  a hydrocarbon.
Hydrocauli,of Hydrocaulus
Hydrocephaloid,Resembling hydrocephalus.
Hydrocephalous,Having hydrocephalus.
Hydrochlorate,Same as Hydrochloride.
Hydrocyanate,See Hydrocyanide.
Hydrodynamic,Alt. of Hydrodynamical
Hydrofluate,A supposed compound of hydrofluoris acid and a base; a fluoride.
Hydrogenated,of Hydrogenate
Hydrogenating,of Hydrogenate
Hydrogenate,To hydrogenize.
Hydrogenized,of Hydrogenize
Hydrogenizing,of Hydrogenize
Hydrogenous,Of or pertaining to hydrogen; containing hydrogen.
Hydrogode,The negative pole or cathode.
Hydrographic,Alt. of Hydrographical
Hydrographical,Of or relating to hydrography.
Hydroguret,A hydride.
Hydroidea,An extensive order of Hydrozoa or Acalephae.
Hydrological,Of or pertaining to hydrology.
Hydrologist,One skilled in hydrology.
Hydrolytic,Tending to remove or separate water; eliminating water.
Hydromancy,Divination by means of water  -- practiced by the ancients.
Hydromantic,Of or pertaining to divination by water.
Hydromedusae,of Hydromedusa
Hydromellonic,See Cyamellone.
Hydrometric,Alt. of Hydrometrical
Hydropath,A hydropathist.
Hydropathic,Alt. of Hydropathical
Hydropathical,Of or pertaining to hydropathy.
Hydropathist,One who practices hydropathy; a water-cure doctor.
Hydroperitoneum,Same as Ascites.
Hydrophanous,Made transparent by immersion in water.
Hydrophoby,See Hydrophobia.
Hydrophora,The Hydroidea.
Hydrophyllia,of Hydrophyllium
Hydrophylliums,of Hydrophyllium
Hydrophyte,An aquatic plant; an alga.
Hydrophytology,The branch of botany which treats of water plants.
Hydropic,Alt. of Hydropical
Hydropical,Dropsical  or resembling dropsy.
Hydropically,In a hydropical manner.
Hydropsy,Same as Dropsy.
Hydrorhizae,of Hydrorhiza
Hydrorhizas,of Hydrorhiza
Hydrosalt,A salt supposed to be formed by a hydracid and a base.
Hydrosome,Alt. of Hydrosoma
Hydrostatic,Alt. of Hydrostatical
Hydrostatically,According to hydrostatics  or to hydrostatic principles.
Hydrostatician,One who is versed or skilled in hydrostatics.
Hydrosulphate,Same as Hydrosulphurent.
Hydrosulphite,A saline compound of hydrosulphurous acid and a base.
Hydrosulphuret,A hydrosulphide.
Hydrosulphureted,Combined with hydrogen sulphide.
Hydrotellurate,A salt formed by the union of hydrotelluric acid and the base.
Hydrothecae,of Hydrotheca
Hydrothecas,of Hydrotheca
Hydrotherapy,See Hydropathy.
Hydrothorax,An accumulation of serous fluid in the cavity of the chest.
Hydrotic,Causing a discharge of water or phlegm.
Hydrotical,Hydrotic.
Hydrotropic,Turning or bending towards moisture  as roots.
Hydrotropism,A tendency towards moisture.
Hydrous,Containing water; watery.
Hydroxanthane,A persulphocyanate.
Hydroxanthic,Persulphocyanic.
Hydrozoal,Of or pertaining to the Hydrozoa.
Hydrozoons,of Hydrozoon
Hydrozoon,One of the Hydrozoa.
Hydruret,A binary compound of hydrogen; a hydride.
Hydrus,A constellation of the southern hemisphere  near the south pole.
Hye,See Hie.
Hyemal,Belonging to winter; done in winter.
Hyemate,To pass the winter.
Hyemation,The passing of a winter in a particular place; a wintering.
Hyen,A hyena.
Hyenas,of Hyena
Hyetographic,Of or pertaining to to hyetography.
Hygeia,The goddess of health  daughter of Esculapius.
Hygeist,One skilled in hygiena; a hygienist.
Hygieist,A hygienist.
Hygienic,Of or pertaining to health or hygiene; sanitary.
Hygienics,The science of health; hygiene.
Hygienism,Hygiene.
Hygienist,One versed in hygiene.
Hygiology,A treatise on  or the science of the preservation of health.
Hygrology,The science which treats of the fluids of the body.
Hygrometric,Alt. of Hygrometrical
Hyke,See Haik  and Huke.
Hylaeosaur,Alt. of Hylaeosaurus
Hylarchical,Presiding over matter.
Hyleosaur,Same as Hylaeosaur.
Hylism,A theory which regards matter as the original principle of evil.
Hyloism,Same as Hylotheism.
Hyloist,Same as Hylotheist.
Hylopathism,The doctrine that matter is sentient.
Hylopathist,One who believes in hylopathism.
Hylophagous,Eating green shoots  as certain insects do.
Hylotheist,One who believes in hylotheism.
Hylozoic,Of or pertaining to hylozoism.
Hylozoist,A believer in hylozoism.
Hymar,The wild ass of Persia.
Hymeneal,Alt. of Hymenean
Hymenean,Of or pertaining to marriage; as  hymeneal rites.
Hymenia,of Hymenium
Hymeniums,of Hymenium
Hymenophore,That part of a fungus which is covered with the hymenium.
Hymenopter,One of the Hymenoptera.
Hymenopteral,Alt. of Hymenopterous
Hymenopteran,One of the Hymenoptera.
Hymned,of Hymn
Hymning,of Hymn
Hymnal,A collection of hymns; a hymn book.
Hymnic,Relating to hymns  or sacred lyrics.
Hymnist,A writer of hymns.
Hymnody,Hymns  considered collectively; hymnology.
Hymnographer,One who writes on the subject of hymns.
Hymnography,The art or act of composing hymns.
Hymnologist,A composer or compiler of hymns; one versed in hymnology.
Hympne,A hymn.
Hyndreste,See Hinderest.
Hyne,A servant. See Hine.
Hyoid,Having the form of an arch  or of the Greek letter upsilon [/].
Hyoideal,Alt. of Hyoidean
Hyoidean,Same as Hyoid  a.
Hyoscyamus,A genus of poisonous plants of the Nightshade family; henbane.
Hyosternum,See Hyoplastron.
Hyp,An abbreviation of hypochonaria; -- usually in plural.
Hypaethral,Alt. of Hypethral
Hypanthia,of Hypanthium
Hypanthiums,of Hypanthium
Hypapophyles,of Hypapophysis
Hypaspist,A shield-bearer or armor-bearer.
Hypaxial,Beneath the axis of the skeleton; subvertebral; hyposkeletal.
Hyperapophyses,of Hyperapophysis
Hyperaspist,One who holds a shield over another; hence  a defender.
Hyperbatic,Of or pertaining to an hyperbaton; transposed; inverted.
Hyperbolic,Alt. of Hyperbolical
Hyperbolical,Belonging to the hyperbola; having the nature of the hyperbola.
Hyperbolically,In the form of an hyperbola.
Hyperboliform,Having the form  or nearly the form of an hyperbola.
Hyperbolism,The use of hyperbole.
Hyperbolist,One who uses hyperboles.
Hyperbolized,of Hyperbolize
Hyperbolizing,of Hyperbolize
Hyperbolize,To speak or write with exaggeration.
Hyperchloric,See Perchloric.
Hyperchromatism,The condition of having an unusual intensity of color.
Hypercritically,In a hypercritical manner.
Hypercriticise,To criticise with unjust severity; to criticise captiously.
Hyperdicrotic,Excessive dicrotic; as  a hyperdicrotic pulse.
Hyperdicrotism,A hyperdicrotic condition.
Hyperdicrotous,Hyperdicrotic.
Hyperduly,Hyperdulia.
Hyperesthesia,Same as Hyperaesthesia.
Hyperkinesis,Abnormally increased muscular movement; spasm.
Hyperkinetic,Of or pertaining to hyperkinesis.
Hypermetrical,Having a redundant syllable; exceeding the common measure.
Hypermetropia,Alt. of Hypermetropy
Hypermyriorama,A show or exhibition having a great number of scenes or views.
Hyperopia,Hypermetropia.
Hyperorganic,Higher than  or beyond the sphere of the organic.
Hyperorthodoxy,Orthodoxy pushed to excess.
Hyperoxygenated,Alt. of Hyperoxygenized
Hyperoxymuriate,A perchlorate.
Hyperoxymuriatic,Perchloric; as  hyperoxymuriatic acid.
Hyperphysical,Above or transcending physical laws; supernatural.
Hyperplastic,Of or pertaining to hyperplasia.
Hypersecretion,Morbid or excessive secretion  as in catarrh.
Hypersensibility,See Hyperaesthesia.
Hyperspace,An imagined space having more than three dimensions.
Hypersthenic,Composed of  or containing hypersthene.
Hyperthetical,Exaggerated; excessive; hyperbolical.
Hyperthyrion,That part of the architrave which is over a door or window.
Hypertrophic,Alt. of Hypertrophical
Hypertrophied,Excessively developed; characterized by hypertrophy.
Hyphened,of Hyphen
Hyphening,of Hyphen
Hyphenated,United by hyphens; hyphened; as  a hyphenated or hyphened word.
Hypnobate,A somnambulist.
Hypnologist,One who is versed in hypnology.
Hypnology,A treatise on sleep; the doctrine of sleep.
Hypnosis,Supervention of sleep.
Hypnotization,The act or process of producing hypnotism.
Hypnotized,of Hypnotize
Hypnotizing,of Hypnotize
Hypnotize,To induce hypnotism in; to place in a state of hypnotism.
Hypnotizer,One who hypnotizes.
Hypnum,The largest genus of true mosses; feather moss.
Hypo,Hypochondria.
Hypoarian,Of or pertaining to a hypoarion.
Hypoaria,of Hypoarion
Hypoblastic,Relating to  or connected with the hypoblast; as the hypoic sac.
Hypocarp,Alt. of Hypocarpium
Hypocarpogean,Producing fruit below the ground.
Hypochlorite,A salt of hypochlorous acid; as  a calcium hypochloride.
Hypochondres,The hypochondriac regions. See Hypochondrium.
Hypochondria,Hypochondriasis; melancholy; the blues.
Hypochondriac,Of or pertaining to hypochondria  or the hypochondriac regions.
Hypochondriacal,Same as Hypochondriac  2.
Hypochondriacism,Hypochondriasis.
Hypochondriasm,Hypochondriasis.
Hypochondriums,of Hypochondrium
Hypochondrium,Either of the hypochondriac regions.
Hypochondry,Hypochondriasis.
Hypocleida,of Hypocleidium
Hypocleidiums,of Hypocleidium
Hypocoristic,Endearing; diminutive; as  the hypocoristic form of a name.
Hypocrateriform,hypocraterimorphous; salver-shaped.
Hypocrisies,of Hypocrisy
Hypocritely,Hypocritically.
Hypocritic,See Hypocritical.
Hypodactylum,The under side of the toes.
Hypoderm,Same as Hypoblast.
Hypodermatic,Hypodermic.
Hypodermic,Of or pertaining to the parts under the skin.
Hypodermis,Same as Hypoblast.
Hypodicrotic,Alt. of Hypodicrotous
Hypodicrotous,Exhibiting retarded dicrotism; as  a hypodicrotic pulse curve.
Hypogastric,Of or pertaining to the hypogastrium or the hypogastric region.
Hypogastrium,The lower part of the abdomen.
Hypogean,Hypogeous.
Hypogea,of Hypogeum
Hypogyn,An hypogynous plant.
Hyponasty,Downward convexity  or convexity of the inferior surface.
Hyponitrite,A salt of hyponitrous acid.
Hypophosphate,A salt of hypophosphoric acid.
Hypophosphite,A salt of hypophosphorous acid.
Hypophysial,Of or pertaining to the hypophysis; pituitary.
Hypophysis,See Pituitary body  under Pituitary.
Hypoplastra,of Hypoplastron
Hypoptila,of Hypoptilum
Hypoptilums,of Hypoptilum
Hyporadii,of Hyporadius
Hyporhachides,of Hyporhachis
Hyporhachis,The stem of an aftershaft or hypoptilum.
Hypostases,of Hypostasis
Hypostatic,Alt. of Hypostatical
Hypostatically,In a hypostatic manner.
Hypostatize,To make into  or regarded as a separate and distinct substance.
Hyposterna,of Hyposternum
Hyposternums,of Hyposternum
Hyposternum,See Hypoplastron.
Hypostome,Alt. of Hypostoma
Hypostoma,The lower lip of trilobites  crustaceans etc.
Hypostrophe,The act of a patient turning himself.
Hyposulphate,A salt of hyposulphuric acid.
Hypotarsi,of Hypotarsus
Hypotenuse,Alt. of Hypothenuse
Hypothecated,of Hypothecate
Hypothecating,of Hypothecate
Hypothenal,Alt. of Hypothenar
Hypothenusal,Of or pertaining to hypothenuse.
Hypotheses,of Hypothesis
Hypothetic,Alt. of Hypothetical
Hypothetist,One who proposes or supports an hypothesis.
Hypotrachelium,Same as Gorgerin.
Hypotyposis,A vivid  picturesque description of scenes or events.
Hyppish,Affected with hypochondria; hypped.
Hyppogriff,See Hyppogriff.
Hypsiloid,Resembling the Greek letter / in form; hyoid.
Hypsometric,Alt. of Hypsometrical
Hypsometrical,Of or pertaining to hypsometry.
Hyracoid,Of or pertaining to the Hyracoidea.
Hyrcanian,Alt. of Hyrcan
Hyrse,Millet.
Hyrst,A wood. See Hurst.
Hyson,A fragrant kind of green tea.
Hysteranthous,Having the leaves expand after the flowers have opened.
Hysteric,Alt. of Hysterical
Hysterics,Hysteria.
Hysterotomy,The Caesarean section. See under Caesarean.
Hystricine,Like or pertaining to the porcupines.
Hystrix,A genus of rodents  including the porcupine.
Hythe,A small haven. See Hithe.
I-,See Y-.
We,of I
Our,of I
Ours,of I
Us,of I
Iamb,An iambus or iambic.
Iambical,Iambic.
Iambically,In a iambic manner; after the manner of iambics.
Iambize,To satirize in iambics; to lampoon.
Iambi,of Iambus
Iambuses,of Iambus
Ianthinae,of Ianthina
Ianthinas,of Ianthina
Iatric,Alt. of Iatrical
Iatrical,Of or pertaining to medicine  or to medical men.
Iatrochemical,Of or pertaining to iatrochemistry  or to the iatrochemists.
Iatromathematical,Of or pertaining to iatromathematicians or their doctrine.
Iberian,Of or pertaining to Iberia.
Ibexes,of Ibex
Ibices,of Ibex
Ibidem,In the same place; -- abbreviated ibid. or ib.
Icarian,Soaring too high for safety  like Icarus; adventurous in flight.
Iced,of Ice
Icing,of Ice
Iceberg,A large mass of ice  generally floating in the ocean.
Icebird,An Arctic sea bird  as the Arctic fulmar.
Ice-built,Composed of ice.
Icelander,A native  or one of the Scandinavian people of Iceland.
Icemen,of Iceman
Iceman,A man who is skilled in traveling upon ice  as among glaciers.
Ich,I.
Ichneumonidan,Of or pertaining to the Ichneumonidae  or ichneumon flies.
Ichneumonides,The ichneumon flies.
Ichnite,A fossil footprint; as  the ichnites in the Triassic sandstone.
Ichnographic,Alt. of Ichnographical
Ichnographical,Of or pertaining to ichonography; describing a ground plot.
Ichnolite,A fossil footprint; an ichnite.
Ichnolithology,Same as Ichnology.
Ichnological,Of or pertaining to ichnology.
Ichnology,The branch of science which treats of fossil footprints.
Ichnoscopy,The search for the traces of anything.
Ichorhaemia,Infection of the blood with ichorous or putrid substances.
Ichorous,Of or like ichor; thin; watery; serous; sanious.
Ichthidin,A substance from the egg yolk of osseous fishes.
Ichthulin,A substance from the yolk of salmon's egg.
Ichthyic,Like  or pertaining to fishes.
Ichthyocol,Alt. of Ichthyocolla
Ichthyocoprolite,Fossil dung of fishes.
Ichthyography,A treatise on fishes.
Ichthyoid,Alt. of Ichthyoidal
Ichthyolatry,Worship of fishes  or of fish-shaped idols.
Ichthyolite,A fossil fish  or fragment of a fish.
Ichthyologic,Alt. of Ichthyological
Ichthyological,Of or pertaining to ichthyology.
Ichthyologist,One versed in  or who studies ichthyology.
Ichthyomancy,Divination by the heads or the entrails of fishes.
Ichthyomorpha,The Urodela.
Ichthyomorphic,Alt. of Ichthyomorphous
Ichthyomorphous,Fish-shaped; as  the ichthyomorphic idols of ancient Assyria.
Ichthyophagist,One who eats  or subsists on fish.
Ichthyophagous,Eating  or subsisting on fish.
Ichthyohagy,The practice of eating  or living upon fish.
Ichthyophthalmite,See Apophyllite.
Ichthyopterygia,See Ichthyosauria.
Ichthyopterygium,The typical limb  or lateral fin of fishes.
Ichthyosaur,One of the Ichthyosaura.
Ichthyosaurian,Of or pertaining to the Ichthyosauria.
Ichthyosauri,of Ichthyosaurus
Ichthyotomist,One skilled in ichthyotomy.
Ichthyoomy,The anatomy or dissection of fishes.
Ichthys,Same as Ichthus.
Icicled,Having icicles attached.
Icily,In an icy manner; coldly.
Iciness,The state or quality of being icy or very cold; frigidity.
Ickle,An icicle.
Icon,An image or representation; a portrait or pretended portrait.
Iconize,To form an image or likeness of.
Iconoclasm,The doctrine or practice of the iconoclasts; image breaking.
Iconoclastic,Of or pertaining to the iconoclasts  or to image breaking.
Iconodule,Alt. of Iconodulist
Iconodulist,One who serves images; -- opposed to an iconoclast.
Iconographer,A maker of images.
Iconographic,Of or pertaining to iconography.
Iconolater,One who worships images.
Iconomachy,Hostility to images as objects of worship.
Iconomical,Opposed to pictures or images as objects of worship.
Iconophilist,A student  or lover of the study of iconography.
Icosahedral,Having twenty equal sides or faces.
Icosahedron,A solid bounded by twenty sides or faces.
Icosandrian,Alt. of Icosandrous
Icteric,A remedy for the jaundice.
Icterical,Pertaining to  or affected with jaundice.
Icteritious,Alt. of Icteritous
Icterus,The jaundice.
Ictic,Pertaining to  or caused by a blow; sudden; abrupt.
Icy,Pertaining to  resembling or abounding in ice; cold; frosty.
Icy-pearled,Spangled with ice.
I'd,A contraction from I would or I had.
Ide,Same as Id.
Ideas,of Idea
Idealess,Destitute of an idea.
Idealism,The quality or state of being ideal.
Idealistic,Of or pertaining to idealists or their theories.
Idealities,of Ideality
Ideality,The quality or state of being ideal.
Idealization,The act or process of idealizing.
Idealized,of Idealize
Idealizing,of Idealize
Idealizer,An idealist.
Ideally,In an ideal manner; by means of ideals; mentally.
Idealogic,Of or pertaining to an idealogue  or to idealization.
Ideat,Alt. of Ideate
Ideational,Pertaining to  or characterized by ideation.
Idem,The same; the same as above; -- often abbreviated id.
Identic,Identical.
Identically,In an identical manner; with respect to identity.
Identicalness,The quality or state of being identical; sameness.
Identifiable,Capable of being identified.
Identified,of Identify
Identifying,of Identify
Identities,of Identity
Identity,The state or quality of being identical  or the same; sameness.
Ideo-,A combining form from the Gr. /  an idea.
Ideogenical,Of or relating to ideology.
Ideogeny,The science which treats of the origin of ideas.
Ideograph,Same as Ideogram.
Ideographic,Alt. of Ideographical
Ideological,Of or pertaining to ideology.
Ideology,The science of ideas.
Ideo-motion,An ideo-motor movement.
Idiocrasis,Idiocracy.
Idiocrasies,of Idiocracy
Idiocratic,Alt. of Idiocratical
Idiocratical,Peculiar in constitution or temperament; idiosyncratic.
Idiocyclophanous,Same as Idiophanous.
Idiograph,A mark or signature peculiar to an individual; a trade-mark.
Idiographic,Alt. of Idiographical
Idiographical,Of or pertaining to an idiograph.
Idiolatry,Self-worship; excessive self-esteem.
Idiomatic,Alt. of Idiomatical
Idiomorphic,Idiomorphous.
Idiomorphous,Having a form of its own.
Idiopathetic,Idiopathic.
Idiopathic,Alt. of Idiopathical
Idiopathies,of Idiopathy
Idiopathy,A peculiar  or individual characteristic or affection.
Idioplasm,Same as Idioplasma.
Idiorepulsive,Repulsive by itself; as  the idiorepulsive power of heat.
Idiosyncrasies,of Idiosyncrasy
Idiosyncratic,Alt. of Idiosyncratical
Idiotcy,Idiocy.
Idioted,Rendered idiotic; befooled.
Idiotic,Alt. of Idiotical
Idiotical,Common; simple.
Idiotically,In a idiotic manner.
Idiotish,Like an idiot; foolish.
Idiotize,To become stupid.
Idiotry,Idiocy.
Idled,of Idle
Idling,of Idle
Idle-headed,Foolish; stupid.
Idle-pated,Idle-headed; stupid.
Idless,Alt. of Idlesse
Idlesse,Idleness.
Idocrase,Same as Vesuvianite.
Idol,An image or representation of anything.
Idolastre,An idolater.
Idolatress,A female worshiper of idols.
Idolatrical,Idolatrous.
Idolatrized,of Idolatrize
Idolatrizing,of Idolatrize
Idolatrize,To worship idols; to pay idolatrous worship.
Idolatrously,In a idolatrous manner.
Idolatries,of Idolatry
Idolish,Idolatrous.
Idolism,The worship of idols.
Idolist,A worshiper of idols.
Idolized,of Idolize
Idolizing,of Idolize
Idoloclast,A breaker of idols; an iconoclast.
Idolographical,Descriptive of idols.
Idolous,Idolatrous.
Idoneous,Appropriate; suitable; proper; fit; adequate.
Idrialine,Alt. of Idrialite
Idumean,Of or pertaining to ancient Idumea  or Edom in Western Asia.
Idyllic,Of or belonging to idyls.
I. e.,Abbreviation of Latin id est  that is.
I' faith,In faith; indeed; truly.
Ifere,Together.
Igloo,An Eskimo snow house.
Ignatius bean,See Saint Ignatius's bean  under Saint.
Ignicolist,A worshiper of fire.
Igniferous,Producing fire.
Ignifluous,Flowing with fire.
Ignified,of Ignify
Ignifying,of Ignify
Ignify,To form into fire.
Ignigenous,Produced by the action of fire  as lava.
Ignipotence,Power over fire.
Ignipotent,Presiding over fire; also  fiery.
Ignes fatui,of Ignis fatuus
Ignited,of Ignite
Igniting,of Ignite
Ignite,To kindle or set on fire; as  to ignite paper or wood.
Ignitible,Capable of being ignited.
Ignition,The act of igniting  kindling or setting on fire.
Ignivomous,Vomiting fire.
Ignobility,Ignobleness.
Ignobleness,State or quality of being ignoble.
Ignobly,In an ignoble manner; basely.
Ignominies,of Ignominy
Ignominy,Public disgrace or dishonor; reproach; infamy.
Ignomy,Ignominy.
Ignoramuses,of Ignoramus
Ignorantist,One opposed to the diffusion of knowledge; an obscuriantist.
Ignorantly,In a ignorant manner; without knowledge; inadvertently.
Ignored,of Ignore
Ignoring,of Ignore
Ignore,To be ignorant of or not acquainted with.
Ignoscible,Pardonable.
Ignote,Unknown.
Iguanian,Resembling  or pertaining to the iguana.
Iguanid,Same as Iguanoid.
Iguanodont,Like or pertaining to the genus Iguanodon.
Iguanoid,Pertaining to the Iguanidae.
Ihram,The peculiar dress worn by pilgrims to Mecca.
Ik,I.
Il-,A form of the prefix in-  not and in- among. See In-.
Ile,Ear of corn.
Ileac,Pertaining to the ileum.
Ileocaecal,Pertaining to the ileum and caecum.
Ilex,The holm oak (Quercus Ilex).
Iliac,Pertaining to ancient Ilium  or Troy.
Iliacal,Iliac.
Ilial,Pertaining to the ilium; iliac.
Iliche,Alike.
Ilicin,The bitter principle of the holly.
Iliofemoral,Pertaining to the ilium and femur; as  iliofemoral ligaments.
Ilixanthin,A yellow dye obtained from the leaves of the holly.
Ilk,Same; each; every.
Ilke,Same.
Ilkon,Alt. of Ilkoon
Ilkoon,Each one; every one.
I' ll,Contraction for I will or I shall.
Illabile,Incapable of falling or erring; infalliable.
Illacerable,Not lacerable; incapable of being torn or rent.
Illacrymable,Incapable of weeping.
Illapsable,Incapable of slipping  or of error.
Illapsed,of Illapse
Illapsing,of Illapse
Illapse,To fall or glide; to pass; -- usually followed by into.
Illaqueable,Capable of being insnared or entrapped.
Illaqueated,of Illaqueate
Illaqueating,of Illaqueate
Illaqueate,To insnare; to entrap; to entangle; to catch.
Illaqueation,The act of catching or insnaring.
Illatively,By inference; as an illative; in an illative manner.
Ill-boding,Boding evil; inauspicious; ill-omened.
Illecebration,Allurement.
Illecebrous,Alluring; attractive; enticing.
Illegalities,of Illegality
Illegalized,of Illegalize
Illegalizing,of Illegalize
Illegalize,To make or declare illegal or unlawful.
Illegally,In a illegal manner; unlawfully.
Illegalness,Illegality  unlawfulness.
Illegibility,The state or quality of being illegible.
Illegitimacy,The state of being illegitimate.
Illegitimated,of Illegitimate
Illegitimating,of Illegitimate
Illegitimately,In a illegitimate manner; unlawfully.
Illegitimation,The act of illegitimating; bastardizing.
Illegitimatize,To render illegitimate; to bastardize.
Illesive,Not injurious; harmless.
Illeviable,Not leviable; incapable of being imposed  or collected.
Ill-favored,Wanting beauty or attractiveness; deformed; ugly; ill-looking.
Illiberalism,Illiberality.
Illiberalized,of Illiberalize
Illiberalizing,of Illiberalize
Illiberalize,To make illiberal.
Illiberalness,The state of being illiberal; illiberality.
Illicitous,Illicit.
Illighten,To enlighten.
Illimitation,State of being illimitable; want of  or freedom from limitation.
Illimited,Not limited; interminable.
Illiquation,The melting or dissolving of one thing into another.
Illish,Somewhat ill.
Illision,The act of dashing or striking against.
Illiteracies,of Illiteracy
Illiteral,Not literal.
Illiterature,Want of learning; illiteracy.
Ill-judged,Not well judged; unwise.
Ill-lived,Leading a wicked life.
Ill-looking,Having a bad look; threatening; ugly. See Note under Ill  adv.
Ill-mannered,Impolite; rude.
Ill-minded,Ill-disposed.
Ill-nurtured,Ill-bred.
Illocality,Want of locality or place.
Ill-omened,Having unlucky omens; inauspicious. See Note under Ill  adv.
Ill-starred,Fated to be unfortunate; unlucky; as  an ill-starred man or day.
Ill-timed,Done  attempted or said at an unsuitable or unpropitious time.
Illtreat,To treat cruelly or improperly; to ill use; to maltreat.
Illuded,of Illude
Illuding,of Illude
Illumed,of Illume
Illuming,of Illume
Illuminable,Capable of being illuminated.
Illuminary,Illuminative.
Illuminated,of Illuminate
Illuminating,of Illuminate
Illuminati,Literally  those who are enlightened
Illuminatism,Illuminism.
Illumine,To illuminate; to light up; to adorn.
Illuminee,One of the Illuminati.
Illuminer,One who  or that which illuminates.
Illuminism,The principles of the Illuminati.
Illuministic,Of or pertaining to illuminism  or the Illuminati.
Illuminized,of Illuminize
Illuminizing,of Illuminize
Illuminize,To initiate the doctrines or principles of the Illuminati.
Illuminous,Bright; clear.
Illure,To deceive; to entice; to lure.
Ill-used,Misapplied; treated badly.
Illusionable,Liable to illusion.
Illusionist,One given to illusion; a visionary dreamer.
Illusively,In a illusive manner; falsely.
Illusiveness,The quality of being illusive; deceptiveness; false show.
Illustrable,Capable of illustration.
Illustrated,of Illustrate
Illustrating,of Illustrate
Illustrate,To make clear  bright or luminous.
Illustrative,Tending or designed to illustrate  exemplify or elucidate.
Illustratively,By way of illustration or elucidation.
Illustrator,One who illustrates.
Illustratory,Serving to illustrate.
Illustrious,Possessing luster or brightness; brilliant; luminous; splendid.
Illustriously,In a illustrious manner; conspicuously; eminently; famously.
Illustrous,Without luster.
Illuxurious,Not luxurious.
Ill-will,See under Ill  a.
Ill-wisher,One who wishes ill to another; an enemy.
Ilmenite,Titanic iron. See Menaccanite.
Ilmenium,A supposed element claimed to have been discovered by R.Harmann.
I'm,A contraction of I am.
Imaged,of Image
Imaging,of Image
Imageable,That may be imaged.
Imageless,Having no image.
Imager,One who images or forms likenesses; a sculptor.
Imaginability,Capacity for imagination.
Imaginable,Capable of being imagined; conceivable.
Imaginant,Imagining; conceiving.
Imaginarily,In a imaginary manner; in imagination.
Imaginariness,The state or quality of being imaginary; unreality.
Imaginate,Imaginative.
Imaginational,Pertaining to  involving or caused by imagination.
Imaginationalism,Idealism.
Imagined,of Imagine
Imagining,of Imagine
Imaginer,One who forms ideas or conceptions; one who contrives.
Imaginous,Imaginative.
Imagoes,of Imago
Imago,An image.
Imam,Alt. of Imaum
Iman,Alt. of Imaum
Imaret,A lodging house for Mohammedan pilgrims.
Imbalm,See Embalm.
Imban,To put under a ban.
Imband,To form into a band or bands.
Imbanked,of Imbank
Imbanking,of Imbank
Imbank,To inclose or defend with a bank or banks. See Embank.
Imbannered,Having banners.
Imbar,To bar in; to secure.
Imbargo,See Embargo.
Imbark,See Embark.
Imbarn,To store in a barn.
Imbase,See Embase.
Imbastardize,To bastardize; to debase.
Imbathe,To bathe; to wash freely; to immerce.
Imbay,See Embay.
Imbecilitate,To weaken  as to the body or the mind; to enfeeble.
Imbecilities,of Imbecility
Imbedded,of Imbed
Imbedding,of Imbed
Imbellic,Not warlike or martial.
Imbenching,A raised work like a bench.
Imber-goose,The loon. See Ember-goose.
Imbezzle,See Embezzle.
Imbibed,of Imbibe
Imbibing,of Imbibe
Imbiber,One who  or that which imbibes.
Imbittered,of Imbitter
Imbittering,of Imbitter
Imbitterer,One who  or that which imbitters.
Imbitterment,The act of imbittering; bitter feeling; embitterment.
Imblaze,See Emblaze.
Imblazon,See Emblazon.
Imboil,See Emboil.
Imbolden,See Embolden.
Imbonity,Want of goodness.
Imbordered,of Imborder
Imbordering,of Imborder
Imborder,To furnish or inclose with a border; to form a border of.
Imbosked,of Imbosk
Imbosking,of Imbosk
Imbosk,To conceal  as in bushes; to hide.
Imbosomed,of Imbosom
Imbosoming,of Imbosom
Imboss,See Emboss.
Imbosture,Embossed or raised work.
Imbound,To inclose in limits; to shut in.
Imbow,To make like a bow; to curve; to arch; to vault; to embow.
Imbowel,See Embowel.
Imbower,See Embower.
Imbowment,act of imbowing; an arch; a vault.
Imbox,To inclose in a box.
Imbracery,Embracery.
Imbraid,See Embraid.
Imbrangle,To entangle as in a cobweb; to mix confusedly.
Imbreed,To generate within; to inbreed.
Imbricate,Alt. of Imbricated
Imbricated,Bent and hollowed like a roof or gutter tile.
Imbricative,Imbricate.
Imbrocadoes,of Imbrocado
Imbrocado,Cloth of silver or of gold.
Imbrocata,Alt. of Imbroccata
Imbroccata,A hit or thrust.
Imbroglios,of Imbroglio
Imbroglio,An intricate  complicated plot as of a drama or work of fiction.
Imbureed,of Imbrue
Imbureing,of Imbrue
Imbrue,To wet or moisten; to soak; to drench  especially in blood.
Imbruement,The act of imbruing or state of being imbrued.
Imbruted,of Imbrute
Imbruting,of Imbrute
Imbrute,To degrade to the state of a brute; to make brutal.
Imbrutement,The act of imbruting  or the state of being imbruted.
Imbued,of Imbue
Imbuing,of Imbue
Imburse,To supply or stock with money.
Imbursement,The act of imbursing  or the state of being imbursed.
Imbution,An imbuing.
Imitability,The quality of being imitable.
Imitable,Capble of being imitated or copied.
Imitableness,The state or quality of being imitable; worthness of imitation.
Imitancy,Tendency to imitation.
Imitated,of Imitate
Imitating,of Imitate
Imitation,The act of imitating.
Imitater,One who imitates.
Imitatorship,The state or office of an imitator.
Imitatress,A woman who is an imitator.
Imitatrix,An imitatress.
Immaculate,Without stain or blemish; spotless; undefiled; clear; pure.
Immailed,Wearing mail or armor; clad of armor.
Immalleable,Not maleable.
Immanacled,of Immanacle
Immanacling,of Immanacle
Immanation,A flowing or entering in; -- opposed to emanation.
Immanence,Alt. of Immanency
Immanifest,Not manifest.
Immanity,The state or quality of being immane; barbarity.
Immantle,See Emmantle.
Immanuel,God with us; -- an appellation of the Christ.
Immarcescible,Unfading; lasting.
Immarcescibly,Unfadingly.
Immarginate,Not having a distinctive margin or border.
Immartial,Not martial; unwarlike.
Immask,To cover  as with a mask; to disguise or conceal.
Immatchable,Matchless; peerless.
Immaterial,Not consisting of matter; incorporeal; spiritual; disembodied.
Immaterialist,One who believes in or professes  immaterialism.
Immaterialities,of Immateriality
Immaterialize,To render immaterial or incorporeal.
Immaterially,In an immaterial manner; without matter or corporeal substance.
Immaterialness,The state or quality of being immaterial; immateriality.
Immateriate,Immaterial.
Immatured,Immature.
Immaturely,In an immature manner.
Immatureness,The state or quality of being immature; immaturity.
Immeability,Want of power to pass  or to permit passage; impassableness.
Immeasurability,The quality of being immeasurable; immensurability.
Immeasurableness,The state or quality of being immeasurable.
Immeasurably,In an immeasurable manner or degree.
Immeasured,Immeasurable.
Immechanical,Not mechanical.
Immedeatism,Immediateness.
Immedicable,Not to be healed; incurable.
Immelodious,Not melodious.
Immemorable,Not memorable; not worth remembering.
Immemorially,Beyond memory.
Immensely,In immense manner or degree.
Immenseness,The state of being immense.
Immensible,Immeasurable.
Immensities,of Immensity
Immensive,Huge.
Immensurability,The quality of being immensurable.
Immensurable,Immeasurable.
Immensurate,Unmeasured; unlimited.
Immerged,of Immerge
Immerging,of Immerge
Immerit,Want of worth; demerit.
Immerited,Unmerited.
Immeritous,Undeserving.
Immersable,See Immersible.
Immerse,Immersed; buried; hid; sunk.
Immersed,of Immerse
Immersing,of Immerse
Immersible,Capable of being immersed.
Immeshed,of Immesh
Immeshing,of Immesh
Immethodically,Without method; confusedly; unsystematically.
Immethodicalness,Want of method.
Immethodize,To render immethodical; to destroy the method of; to confuse.
Immetrical,Not metrical or rhythmical.
Immew,See Emmew.
Immigrated,of Immigrate
Immigrating,of Immigrate
Imminently,In an imminent manner.
Immingle,To mingle; to mix; to unite; to blend.
Imminution,A lessening; diminution; decrease.
Immiscibility,Incapability of being mixed  or mingled.
Immiscible,Not capable of being mixed or mingled.
Immitted,of Immit
Immiting,of Immit
Immit,To send in; to inject; to infuse; -- the correlative of emit.
Immitigable,Not capable of being mitigated  softened or appeased.
Immitigably,In an immitigable manner.
Immix,To mix; to mingle.
Immixable,Not mixable.
Immixed,Unmixed.
Immixture,Freedom from mixture; purity.
Immobile,Incapable of being moved; immovable; fixed; stable.
Immoble,See Immobile.
Immoderacy,Immoderateness.
Immoderancy,Immoderateness; excess.
Immoderately,In an immoderate manner; excessively.
Immoderateness,The quality of being immoderate; excess; extravagance.
Immoderation,Want of moderation.
Immodest,Not limited to due bounds; immoderate.
Immodestly,In an immodest manner.
Immodesty,Want of modesty  delicacy or decent reserve; indecency.
Immolated,of Immolate
Immolating,of Immolate
Immold,Alt. of Immould
Immould,To mold into shape  or form.
Immoment,Trifling.
Immomentous,Not momentous; unimportant; insignificant.
Immoralities,of Immorality
Immorality,The state or quality of being immoral; vice.
Immorally,In an immoral manner; wickedly.
Immorigerous,Rude; uncivil; disobedient.
Immortalist,One who holds the doctrine of the immortality of the soul.
Immortalities,of Immortality
Immortalization,The act of immortalizing  or state of being immortalized.
Immortalized,of Immortalize
Immortalizing,of Immortalize
Immortalize,To render immortal; to cause to live or exist forever.
Immortally,In an immortal manner.
Immortelles,of Immortelle
Immortification,Failure to mortify the passions.
Immovableness,Quality of being immovable.
Immovably,In an immovable manner.
Immund,Unclean.
Immundicity,Uncleanness; filthness.
Immune,Exempt; protected by inoculation.
Immunities,of Immunity
Immured,of Immure
Immuring,of Immure
Immure,To wall around; to surround with walls.
Immusical,Inharmonious; unmusical; discordant.
Immutability,The state or quality of being immutable; immutableness.
Immutate,Unchanged.
Immutation,Change; alteration; mutation.
Immute,To change or alter.
Imp,A shoot; a scion; a bud; a slip; a graft.
Imped,of Imp
Imping,of Imp
Impacable,Not to be appeased or quieted.
Impacted,of Impact
Impacting,of Impact
Impact,To drive close; to press firmly together: to wedge into a place.
Impaint,To paint; to adorn with colors.
Impaired,of Impair
Impairing,of Impair
Impairer,One who  or that which impairs.
Impairment,The state of being impaired; injury.
Impalatable,Unpalatable.
Impaled,of Impale
Impaling,of Impale
Impalement,The act of impaling  or the state of being impaled.
Impalla,The pallah deer of South Africa.
Impallid,To make pallid; to blanch.
Impalm,To grasp with or hold in the hand.
Impalpability,The quality of being impalpable.
Impalpably,In an impalpable manner.
Impalsy,To palsy; to paralyze; to deaden.
Impanate,Embodied in bread  esp. in the bread of the eucharist.
Impanated,of Impanate
Impanating,of Impanate
Impanator,One who holds the doctrine of impanation.
Impaneled,of Impanel
Impanelled,of Impanel
Impaneling,of Impanel
Impanelling,of Impanel
Imparadised,of Imparadise
Imparadising,of Imparadise
Imparadise,To put in a state like paradise; to make supremely happy.
Imparalleled,Unparalleled.
Impardonable,Unpardonable.
Imparipinnate,Pinnate with a single terminal leaflet.
Imparked,of Impark
Imparking,of Impark
Imparl,To hold discourse; to parley.
Imparlance,Mutual discourse; conference.
Imparted,of Impart
Imparting,of Impart
Impartance,Impartation.
Impartation,The act of imparting  or the thing imparted.
Imparter,One who imparts.
Impartialist,One who is impartial.
Impartially,In an impartial manner.
Impartialness,Impartiality.
Impartibility,The quality of being impartible; communicability.
Impartible,Capable of being imparted or communicated.
Impassibleness,Impassibility.
Impassion,To move or affect strongly with passion.
Impassionable,Excitable; susceptible of strong emotion.
Impassionate,Strongly affected.
Impasted,of Impaste
Impasting,of Impaste
Impaste,To knead; to make into paste; to concrete.
Impasture,To place in a pasture; to foster.
Impatible,Not capable of being borne; impassible.
Impatiency,Impatience.
Impatiently,In an impatient manner.
Impatronized,of Impatronize
Impatronizing,of Impatronize
Impave,To pave.
Impavid,Fearless.
Impawned,of Impawn
Impawning,of Impawn
Impawn,To put in pawn; to pledge.
Impeached,of Impeach
Impeaching,of Impeach
Impeach,To hinder; to impede; to prevent.
Impeacher,One who impeaches.
Impeachment,The act of impeaching  or the state of being impeached
Impearled,of Impearl
Impearling,of Impearl
Impearl,To form into pearls  or into that which resembles pearls.
Impeccable,Not liable to sin; exempt from the possibility of doing wrong.
Impeccancy,Sinlessness.
Impeccant,Sinless; impeccable.
Impecuniosity,The state of being impecunious.
Impecunious,Not having money; habitually without money; poor.
Impeded,of Impede
Impeding,of Impede
Impedible,Capable of being impeded or hindered.
Impedite,Hindered; obstructed.
Impedition,A hindering; a hindrance.
Impeditive,Causing hindrance; impeding.
Impelled,of Impel
Impelling,of Impel
Impellent,Having the quality of impelling.
Impeller,One who  or that which impels.
Impenned,of Impen
Impent,of Impen
Impenning,of Impen
Impen,To shut up or inclose  as in a pen.
Impend,To pay.
Impended,of Impend
Impending,of Impend
Impendence,Alt. of Impendency
Impendency,The state of impending; also  that which impends.
Impendent,Impending; threatening.
Impenetrability,Quality of being impenetrable.
Impenetrableness,The quality of being impenetrable; impenetrability.
Impenetrably,In an impenetrable manner or state; imperviously.
Impenitency,Impenitence.
Impenitently,Without repentance.
Impennous,Having no wings  as some insects.
Impeopled,of Impeople
Impeopling,of Impeople
Impeople,To people; to give a population to.
Imperant,Commanding.
Imperate,Done by express direction; not involuntary; communded.
Imperatival,Of or pertaining to the imperative mood.
Imperatively,In an imperative manner.
Imperatorial,Commanding; imperative; authoritative.
Imperatorian,Imperial.
Imperatory,Imperative.
Imperceivable,Imperceptible.
Imperceived,Not perceived.
Imperceptibility,The state or quality of being imperceptible.
Imperception,Want of perception.
Imperceptive,Unable to perceive.
Impercipient,Not perceiving  or not able to perceive.
Imperdibility,The state or quality of being imperdible.
Imperdible,Not destructible.
Imperfectibility,The state or quality of being imperfectible.
Imperfectible,Incapable of being mad perfect.
Imperfectness,The state of being imperfect.
Imperforable,Incapable of being perforated  or bored through.
Imperforate,Alt. of Imperforated
Imperforated,Not perforated; having no opening or aperture.
Imperforation,The state of being without perforation.
Imperialist,One who serves an emperor; one who favors imperialism.
Imperialities,of Imperiality
Imperiality,Imperial power.
Imperialized,of Imperialize
Imperializing,of Imperialize
Imperially,In an imperial manner.
Imperiled,of Imperil
Imperilled,of Imperil
Imperiling,of Imperil
Imperilling,of Imperil
Imperil,To bring into peril; to endanger.
Imperilment,The act of imperiling  or the state of being imperiled.
Imperious,Commanding; ascendant; imperial; lordly; majestic.
Imperiously,In an imperious manner.
Imperiousnes,The quality or state of being imperious; arrogance; haughtiness.
Imperishability,The quality of being imperishable: indstructibility.
Imperiwigged,Wearing a periwig.
Impermanence,Alt. of Impermanency
Impermanency,lack of permanence.
Impermanent,Not permanent.
Impermeability,The quality of being impermeable.
Impermissible,Not permissible.
Imperscrutable,Not capable of being searched out; inscrutable.
Imperseverant,Not persevering; fickle; thoughtless.
Impersonal,Not personal; not representing a person; not having personality.
Impersonality,The quality of being impersonal; want or absence of personality.
Impersonally,In an impersonal manner.
Impersonated,of Impersonate
Impersonating,of Impersonate
Impersonation,Alt. of Impersonification
Impersonator,One who impersonates; an actor; a mimic.
Imperspicuity,Want of perspicuity or clearness; vaguness; ambiguity.
Imperspicuous,Not perspicuous; not clear; obscure; vague; ambeguous.
Impersuadable,Not to be persuaded; obstinate; unyielding; impersuasible.
Impertinency,Impertinence.
Impertinently,In an impertinent manner.
Impertransibility,The quality or state of being impertransible.
Impertransible,Incapable of being passed through.
Imperturbably,In an imperturbable manner; calmly.
Imperturbation,Freedom from agitation of mind; calmness; quietude.
Imperturbed,Not perturbed.
Imperviability,The quality of being imperviable.
Imperviable,Not pervious; impervious.
Impery,Empery.
Impest,To affict with pestilence; to infect  as with plague.
Impester,See Pester.
Impetiginous,Of the nature of  or pertaining to impetigo.
Impetrable,Capable of being obtained or moved by petition.
Impetrate,Obtained by entreaty.
Impetrated,of Impetrate
Impetrating,of Impetrate
Impetration,The act of impetrating  or obtaining by petition or entreaty.
Impetratory,Containing or expressing entreaty.
Impetuosity,The condition or quality of being impetuous; fury; violence.
Impictured,Pictured; impressed.
Impierce,To pierce; to penetrate.
Impierceable,Not capable of being pierced; impenetrable.
Impieties,of Impiety
Impignorate,To pledge or pawn.
Impignoration,The act of pawning or pledging; the state of being pawned.
Impinged,of Impinge
Impinging,of Impinge
Impingement,The act of impinging.
Impingent,Striking against or upon.
Impinguate,To fatten; to make fat.
Impinguation,The act of making fat  or the state of being fat or fattened.
Impire,See Umpire.
Impishly,Having the qualities  or showing the characteristics of an imp.
Imppiteous,Pitiless; cruel.
Implacability,The quality or state of being implacable.
Implacableness,The quality of being implacable; implacability.
Implacably,In an implacable manner.
Implacental,Without a placenta  as marsupials and monotremes.
Implanted,of Implant
Implanting,of Implant
Implantation,The act or process of implantating.
Implated,of Implate
Implating,of Implate
Implausibility,Want of plausibility; the quality of being implausible.
Impleach,To pleach; to interweave.
Impleaded,of Implead
Impleading,of Implead
Impleadable,Not admitting excuse  evasion or plea; rigorous.
Impleader,One who prosecutes or sues another.
Impleasing,Unpleasing; displeasing.
Impledge,To pledge.
Impletion,The act of filling  or the state of being full.
Implex,Intricate; entangled; complicated; complex.
Implexion,Act of involving  or state of being involved; involution.
Impliable,Not pliable; inflexible; inyielding.
Implicated,of Implicate
Implicating,of Implicate
Implicate,To infold; to fold together; to interweave.
Implication,The act of implicating  or the state of being implicated.
Implicative,Tending to implicate.
Implicatively,By implication.
Implicit,Infolded; entangled; complicated; involved.
Implicitness,State or quality of being implicit.
Implicity,Implicitness.
Impliedly,By implication or inference.
Imploded,Formed by implosion.
Implodent,An implosive sound.
Imploration,The act of imploring; earnest supplication.
Implorator,One who implores.
Imploratory,Supplicatory; entreating.
Implored,of Implore
Imploring,of Implore
Implorer,One who implores.
Implosive,Formed by implosion.
Implumed,Not plumed; without plumes or feathers; featherless.
Implunge,To plunge.
Implying,of Imply
Imply,To infold or involve; to wrap up.
Impoison,To poison; to imbitter; to impair.
Impoisoner,A poisoner.
Impoisonment,The act of poisoning or impoisoning.
Impolarily,Alt. of Impolarly
Impolarly,Not according to or in  the direction of the poles.
Impolitical,Impolitic.
Impoliticly,In an impolitic manner.
Impoliticness,The quality of being impolitic.
Imponderability,The quality or state of being imponderable; imponderableness.
Imponderableness,The quality or state of being imponderable.
Imponderous,Imponderable.
Impone,To stake; to wager; to pledge.
Impoofo,The eland.
Impoon,The duykerbok.
Impoor,To impoverish.
Imporous,Destitute of pores; very close or compact in texture; solid.
Imported,of Import
Importing,of Import
Importable,Capable of being imported.
Importancy,Importance; significance; consequence; that which is important.
Importantly,In an important manner.
Importation,The act of carrying  conveying or delivering.
Importless,Void of meaning.
Importunable,Heavy; insupportable.
Importunacy,The quality of being importunate; importunateness.
Importunator,One who importunes; an importuner.
Importunee,Inopportune; unseasonable.
Importuned,of Importune
Importuning,of Importune
Importunely,In an importune manner.
Importuner,One who importunes.
Importunities,of Importunity
Importuous,Without a port or harbor.
Imposable,Capable of being imposed or laid on.
Imposableness,Quality of being imposable.
Imposed,of Impose
Imposing,of Impose
Impose,To lay on; to set or place; to put; to deposit.
Imposement,Imposition.
Imposer,One who imposes.
Imposingly,In an imposing manner.
Imposingness,The quality of being imposing.
Impossibilities,of Impossibility
Impossibility,The quality of being impossible; impracticability.
Impossibly,Not possibly.
Imposthumate,To apostemate; to form an imposthume or abscess.
Imposthumated,of Imposthumate
Imposthumating,of Imposthumate
Impostorship,The condition  character or practice of an impostor.
Impostress,Alt. of Impostrix
Impostrix,A woman who imposes upon or deceives others.
Impostrous,Characterized by imposture; deceitful.
Imposturage,Imposture; cheating.
Impostured,Done by imposture.
Imposturous,Impostrous; deceitful.
Impostury,Imposture.
Impotence,Alt. of Impotency
Impotently,In an impotent manner.
Impounded,of Impound
Impounding,of Impound
Impoundage,The act of impounding  or the state of being impounded.
Impounder,One who impounds.
Impoverished,of Impoverish
Impoverishing,of Impoverish
Impoverisher,One who  or that which impoverishes.
Impower,See Empower.
Imp-pole,A pole for supporting a scaffold.
Impracticabilities,of Impracticability
Impracticability,The state or quality of being impracticable; infeasibility.
Impracticableness,The state or quality of being impracticable; impracticability.
Impracticably,In an impracticable manner.
Impractical,Not practical.
Imprecated,of Imprecate
Imprecating,of Imprecate
Imprecate,To call down by prayer  as something hurtful or calamitous.
Imprecision,Want of precision.
Impregn,To impregnate; to make fruitful.
Impregnability,The quality or state of being impregnable; invincibility.
Impregnant,That which impregnates.
Impregnated,of Impregnate
Impregnating,of Impregnate
Imprejudicate,Not prejuged; unprejudiced; impartial.
Imprenable,Impregnable.
Impreparation,Want of preparation.
Impresarios,of Impresario
Imprescriptibility,The quality of being imprescriptible.
Imprescriptibly,In an imprescriptible manner; obviously.
Imprese,A device. See Impresa.
Impressed,of Impress
Impressing,of Impress
Impresses,of Impress
Impressibility,The quality of being impressible; susceptibility.
Impressible,Capable of being impressed; susceptible; sensitive.
Impressionability,The quality of being impressionable.
Impressionableness,The quality of being impressionable.
Impressionistic,Pertaining to  or characterized by impressionism.
Impressor,One who  or that which impresses.
Impressure,Dent; impression.
Imprested,of Imprest
Impresting,of Imprest
Imprest,To advance on loan.
Imprevalence,Alt. of Imprevalency
Imprevalency,Want of prevalence.
Impreventability,The state or quality of being impreventable.
Impreventable,Not preventable; invitable.
Imprimery,A print; impression.
Impriming,A beginning.
Imprimis,In the first place; first in order.
Imptrinted,of Imprint
Imprinting,of Imprint
Imprint,To impress; to mark by pressure; to indent; to stamp.
Imprisoned,of Imprison
Imprisoning,of Imprison
Imprisoner,One who imprisons.
Improbabilities,of Improbability
Improbate,To disapprove of; to disallow.
Improbation,The act of disapproving; disapprobation.
Improbative,Alt. of Improbatory
Improbatory,Implying  or tending to improbation.
Improbity,Lack of probity; want of integrity or rectitude; dishonesty.
Improficience,Alt. of Improficiency
Improficiency,Want of proficiency.
Improfitable,Unprofitable.
Improgressive,Not progressive.
Improlific,Not prolific.
Improlificate,To impregnate.
Imprompt,Not ready.
Improperation,The act of upbraiding or taunting; a reproach; a taunt.
Improperly,In an improper manner; not properly; unsuitably; unbecomingly.
Improperty,Impropriety.
Impropitious,Unpropitious; unfavorable.
Improportionable,Not proportionable.
Improportionate,Not proportionate.
Impropriated,of Impropriate
Impropriating,of Impropriate
Impropriate,To appropriate to one's self; to assume.
Impropriatrix,A female impropriator.
Improprieties,of Impropriety
Improsperity,Want of prosperity.
Improsperous,Not prosperous.
Improvability,The state or quality of being improvable; improvableness.
Improve,To disprove or make void; to refute.
Improved,of Improve
Improving,of Improve
Improver,One who  or that which improves.
Improvided,Unforeseen; unexpected; not provided against; unprepared.
Improvidence,The quality of being improvident; want of foresight or thrift.
Improvidentially,Improvidently.
Improvidently,In a improvident manner.
Improvisate,Unpremeditated; impromptu; extempore.
Improvisated,of Improvisate
Improvisating,of Improvisate
Improvisatize,Same as Improvisate.
Improvisator,An improviser  or improvvisatore.
Improvisatore,See Improvvisatore.
Improvisatorial,Alt. of Improvisatory
Improvisatory,Of or pertaining to improvisation or extemporaneous composition.
Improvisatrice,See Improvvisatrice.
Improvised,of Improvise
Improvising,of Improvise
Improviser,One who improvises.
Improvision,Improvidence.
Improviso,Not prepared or mediated beforehand; extemporaneous.
Improvvisatori,of Improvvisatore
Improvvisatrici,of Improvvisatrice
Improvvisatrice,A female improvvisatore.
Impuberal,Not having arrived at puberty; immature.
Impudency,Impudence.
Impudently,In an impudent manner; with unbecoming assurance; shamelessly.
Impudicity,Immodesty.
Impugned,of Impugn
Impugning,of Impugn
Impugnable,Capable of being impugned; that may be gainsaid.
Impugnation,Act of impugning; opposition; attack.
Impugner,One who impugns.
Impugnment,The act of impugning  or the state of being impugned.
Impuissance,Lack of power; inability.
Impuissant,Weak; impotent; feeble.
Impulsively,In an impulsive manner.
Impulsiveness,The quality of being impulsive.
Impulsor,One who  or that which impels; an inciter.
Impunctate,Not punctuate or dotted.
Impunctual,Not punctual.
Impunctuality,Neglect of  or failure in punctuality.
Impune,Unpunished.
Impunibly,Without punishment; with impunity.
Impunity,Exemption or freedom from punishment  harm or loss.
Impuration,Defilement; obscuration.
Impurely,In an impure manner.
Impureness,The quality or condition of being impure; impurity.
Impurpled,of Impurple
Impurpling,of Impurple
Imputability,The quality of being imputable; imputableness.
Imputableness,Quality of being imputable.
Imputably,By imputation.
Imputative,Transferred by imputation; that may be imputed.
Imputed,of Impute
Imputing,of Impute
Imputer,One who imputes.
Imputrescible,Not putrescible.
Imrigh,A peculiar strong soup or broth  made in Scotland.
Inable,See Enable.
Inablement,See Enablement.
Inabstinence,Want of abstinence; indulgence.
Inabstracted,Not abstracted.
Inabusively,Without abuse.
Inaccessibility,The quality or state of being inaccessible; inaccessibleness.
Inaccordant,Not accordant; discordant.
Inaccuracies,of Inaccuracy
Inaccuracy,The quality of being inaccurate; want of accuracy or exactness.
Inaccurately,In an inaccurate manner; incorrectly; inexactly.
Inacquaintance,Want of acquaintance.
Inacquiescent,Not acquiescent or acquiescing.
Inactively,In an inactive manner.
Inactuate,To put in action.
Inactuation,Operation.
Inadaptation,Want of adaptation; unsuitableness.
Inadequation,Want of exact correspondence.
Inadherent,Not adhering.
Inadhesion,Want of adhesion.
Inadvertence,Alt. of Inadvertency
Inadvisable,Not advisable.
Inaffability,Want of affability or sociability; reticence.
Inaffable,Not affable; reserved in social intercourse.
Inaffectation,Freedom from affectation; naturalness.
Inaffected,Unaffected.
Inaidable,Incapable of being assisted; helpless.
Inalienability,The quality or state of being inalienable.
Inalienableness,The quality or state of being inalienable; inalienability.
Inalimental,Affording no aliment or nourishment.
Inalterability,The quality of being unalterable or unchangeable; permanence.
Inamiable,Unamiable.
Inamissible,Incapable of being lost.
Inamorata,A woman in love; a mistress.
Inamorate,Enamored.
Inamoratos,of Inamorato
Inamorato,A male lover.
Inamovable,Not amovable or removable.
Inangular,Not angular.
Inaniloquent,Alt. of Inaniloquous
Inaniloquous,Given to talking inanely; loquacious; garrulous.
Inanimate,To animate.
Inanimated,Destitute of life; lacking animation; unanimated.
Inanimateness,The quality or state of being inanimate.
Inanimation,Want of animation; lifeless; dullness.
Inanitiate,To produce inanition in; to exhaust for want of nourishment.
Inanitiation,Inanition.
Inanities,of Inanity
Inanity,Inanition; void space; vacuity; emptiness.
Inantherate,Not bearing anthers; -- said of sterile stamens.
Inapathy,Sensibility; feeling; -- opposed to apathy.
Inappealable,Not admitting of appeal; not appealable.
Inappeasable,Incapable of being appeased or satisfied; unappeasable.
Inappellability,The quality of being inappellable; finality.
Inappellable,Inappealable; final.
Inappetence,Alt. of Inappetency
Inappetency,Want of appetency; want of desire.
Inapplicability,The quality of being inapplicable; unfitness; inapplicableness.
Inapposite,Not apposite; not fit or suitable; not pertinent.
Inappreciation,Want of appreciation.
Inapprehensible,Not apprehensible; unintelligible; inconceivable.
Inapprehension,Want of apprehension.
Inapprehensive,Not apprehensive; regardless; unconcerned.
Inapproachable,Not approachable; unapproachable; inaccessible; unequaled.
Inapt,Unapt; not apt; unsuitable; inept.
Inaptitude,Want of aptitude.
Inaquate,Embodied in  or changed into water.
Inaquation,The state of being inaquate.
Inarable,Not arable.
Inarched,of Inarch
Inarching,of Inarch
Inarticulated,Not articulated; not jointed or connected by a joint.
Inarticulately,In an inarticulate manner.
Inarticulateness,The state or quality of being inarticulate.
Inarticulation,Inarticulateness.
Inaudibility,The quality of being inaudible; inaudibleness.
Inaudible,Not audible; incapable of being heard; silent.
Inaugur,To inaugurate.
Inaugurate,Invested with office; inaugurated.
Inaugurated,of Inaugurate
Inaugurating,of Inaugurate
Inaugurator,One who inaugurates.
Inauguratory,Suitable for  or pertaining to inauguration.
Inaurate,Covered with gold; gilded.
Inauration,The act or process of gilding or covering with gold.
Inauspicate,Inauspicious.
Inauspicious,Not auspicious; ill-omened; unfortunate; unlucky; unfavorable.
Inauthoritative,Without authority; not authoritative.
Inbarge,To embark; to go or put into a barge.
Inbeaming,Shining in.
Inbeing,Inherence; inherent existence.
Inbind,To inclose.
Inblown,Blown in or into.
Inbreak,Alt. of Inbreaking
Inbreaking,A breaking in; inroad; invasion.
Inbreathed,of Inbreathe
Inbreathing,of Inbreathe
Inbreathe,To infuse by breathing; to inspire.
Inbred,Bred within; innate; as  inbred worth.
Inbreeding,of Inbreed
Inbreed,To produce or generate within.
Inburning,Burning within.
Inburnt,Burnt in; ineffaceable.
Inburst,A bursting in or into.
Incaged,of Incage
Incaging,of Incage
Incage,To confine in  or as in a cage; to coop up.
Incagement,Confinement in  or as in cage.
Incalculability,The quality or state of being incalculable.
Incalculable,Not capable of being calculated; beyond calculation; very great.
Incalescence,The state of being incalescent  or of growing warm.
Incalescency,Incalescence.
Incalescent,Growing warm; increasing in heat.
Incan,Of or pertaining to the Incas.
Incanescent,Becoming hoary or gray; canescent.
Incanous,Hoary with white pubescence.
Incantatory,Dealing by enchantment; magical.
Incanting,Enchanting.
Incanton,To unite to  or form into a canton or separate community.
Incapability,The quality of being incapable; incapacity.
Incapableness,The quality or state of being incapable; incapability.
Incapably,In an incapable manner.
Incapacitated,of Incapacitate
Incapacitating,of Incapacitate
Incapacities,of Incapacity
Incapsulate,To inclose completely  as in a membrane.
Incarcerated,of Incarcerate
Incarcerating,of Incarcerate
Incarcerate,To imprison; to confine in a jail or prison.
Incarcerator,One who incarcerates.
Incarn,To cover or invest with flesh.
Incarnadine,Flesh-colored; of a carnation or pale red color.
Incarnate,Not in the flesh; spiritual.
Incarnated,of Incarnate
Incarnating,of Incarnate
Incarnative,Causing new flesh to grow; healing; regenerative.
Incased,of Incase
Incasing,of Incase
Incask,To cover with a casque or as with a casque.
Incastellated,Confined or inclosed in a castle.
Incastelled,Hoofbound.
Incatenation,The act of linking together; enchaining.
Incaution,Want of caution.
Incavated,Made hollow; bent round or in.
Incavation,Act of making hollow; also  a hollow; an exvation; a depression.
Incaved,Inclosed in a cave.
Incaverned,Inclosed or shut up as in a cavern.
Incedingly,Majestically.
Incelebrity,Want of celebrity or distinction; obscurity.
Incend,To inflame; to excite.
Incendiarism,The act or practice of maliciously setting fires; arson.
Incendiaries,of Incendiary
Incendious,Promoting faction or contention; seditious; inflammatory.
Incensation,The offering of incense.
Incensed,of Incense
Incensing,of Incense
Incense,To set on fire; to inflame; to kindle; to burn.
Incensebreathing,Breathing or exhaling incense.
Incensement,Fury; rage; heat; exasperation; as  implacable incensement.
Incenser,One who instigates or incites.
Incension,The act of kindling  or the state of being kindled or on fire.
Incensive,Tending to excite or provoke; inflammatory.
Incensor,A kindler of anger or enmity; an inciter.
Incensories,of Incensory
Incensurable,Not censurable.
Incenter,The center of the circle inscribed in a triangle.
Incentive,Inciting; encouraging or moving; rousing to action; stimulative.
Incentively,Incitingly; encouragingly.
Inception,Beginning; commencement; initiation.
Inceptor,A beginner; one in the rudiments.
Inceration,The act of smearing or covering with wax.
Incerative,Cleaving or sticking like wax.
Incertain,Uncertain; doubtful; unsteady.
Incertainty,Uncertainty.
Incertitude,Uncertainty; doubtfulness; doubt.
Incertum,Doubtful; not of definite form.
Incessable,Unceasing; continual.
Incessantly,Unceasingly; continually.
Incession,Motion on foot; progress in walking.
Inched,of Inch
Inching,of Inch
Inchambered,of Inchamber
Inchambering,of Inchamber
Inchamber,To lodge in a chamber.
Inchangeability,Unchangeableness.
Inchant,See Enchant.
Incharitable,Uncharitable; unfeeling.
Incharity,Want of charity.
Inchase,See Enchase.
Inchastity,Unchastity.
Inchest,To put into a chest.
Inchipin,See Inchpin.
Inchmeal,A piece an inch long.
Inchoation,Act of beginning; commencement; inception.
Inchpin,The sweetbread of a deer.
Inchworm,The larva of any geometrid moth. See Geometrid.
Incicurable,Untamable.
Incidence,A falling on or upon; an incident; an event.
Incidency,Incidence.
Incidently,Incidentally.
Incinerable,Capable of being incinerated or reduced to ashes.
Incinerate,Reduced to ashes by burning; thoroughly consumed.
Incinerated,of Incinerate
Incinerating,of Incinerate
Incipience,Alt. of Incipiency
Incipiency,Beginning; commencement; incipient state.
Incircle,See Encircle.
Incirclet,A small circle.
Incircumscriptible,Incapable of being circumscribed or limited.
Incircumscription,Condition or quality of being incircumscriptible or limitless.
Incircumspect,Not circumspect; heedless; careless; reckless; impolitic.
Incircumspection,Want of circumspection.
Incised,of Incise
Incising,of Incise
Incise,To cut in or into with a sharp instrument; to carve; to engrave.
Incisely,In an incised manner.
Incision,The act of incising  or cutting into a substance.
Incisory,Having the quality of cutting; incisor; incisive.
Incisure,A cut; an incision; a gash.
Incitant,Inciting; stimulating.
Incitation,The act of inciting or moving to action.
Incitative,A provocative; an incitant; a stimulant.
Incited,of Incite
Inciting,of Incite
Incite,To move to action; to stir up; to rouse; to spur or urge on.
Incitement,The act of inciting.
Inciter,One who  or that which incites.
Incitingly,So as to incite or stimulate.
Incito-motory,Incitomotor.
Incivil,Uncivil; rude.
Incivilities,of Incivility
Incivilization,The state of being uncivilized; want of civilization; barbarism.
Incivilly,Uncivilly.
Inclamation,Exclamation.
Inclasp,To clasp within; to hold fast to; to embrace or encircle.
Inclaudent,Not closing or shutting.
Inclavated,Set; fast; fixed.
Incle,Same as Inkle.
Inclemencies,of Inclemency
Inclemently,In an inclement manner.
Inclinable,Leaning; tending.
Inclinableness,The state or quality of being inclinable; inclination.
Inclined,of Incline
Inclining,of Incline
Incliner,One who  or that which inclines; specifically an inclined dial.
Inclip,To clasp; to inclose.
Incloister,To confine as in a cloister; to cloister.
Inclosed,of Inclose
Inclosing,of Inclose
Incloud,To envelop as in clouds; to darken; to obscure.
Included,of Include
Including,of Include
Includible,Capable of being included.
Inclusive,Inclosing; encircling; surrounding.
Inclusively,In an inclusive manner.
Incoach,To put a coach.
Incoact,Alt. of Incoacted
Incoacted,Not compelled; unconstrained.
Incoagulable,Not coagulable.
Incoalescence,The state of not coalescing.
Incocted,Raw; indigestible.
Incoercible,Not to be coerced; incapable of being compelled or forced.
Incoexistence,The state of not coexisting.
Incog,Incognito.
Incogitable,Not cogitable; inconceivable.
Incogitance,Alt. of Incogitancy
Incogitant,Toughtless; inconsiderate.
Incogitantly,In an incogitant manner.
Incognita,A woman who is unknown or in disguise.
Incognitant,Ignorant.
Incognitos,of Incognito
Incognizance,Failure to cognize  apprehended or notice.
Incognizant,Not cognizant; failing to apprehended or notice.
Incognoscible,Incognizable.
Incoherence,Alt. of Incoherency
Incoherentific,Causing incoherence.
Incoherently,In an incoherent manner; without due connection of parts.
Incoherentness,Incoherence.
Incoincidence,The quality of being incoincident; want of coincidence.
Incoincident,Not coincident; not agreeing in time  in place or principle.
Incolumity,Safety; security.
Incomber,See Encumber.
Incombine,To be incapable of combining; to disagree; to differ.
Incombustibility,The quality of being incombustible.
Income,A coming in; entrance; admittance; ingress; infusion.
Incomer,One who comes in.
Incoming,Coming in; accruing.
Incomity,Want of comity; incivility; rudeness.
In commendam,See Commendam  and Partnership in Commendam under Partnership.
Incommensurability,The quality or state of being incommensurable.
Incommiscible,Not commiscible; not mixable.
Incommixture,A state of being unmixed; separateness.
Incommodated,of Incommodate
Incommodating,of Incommodate
Incommodate,To incommode.
Incommodation,The state of being incommoded; inconvenience.
Incommoded,of Incommode
Incommoding,of Incommode
Incommodement,The act of incommoded.
Incommodities,of Incommodity
Incommodity,Inconvenience; trouble; annoyance; disadvantage; encumbrance.
Incommunicated,Not communicated or imparted.
Incommunicating,Having no communion or intercourse with each other.
Incommutability,The quality or state of being incommutable.
Incompact,Alt. of Incompacted
Incompared,Peerless; incomparable.
Incompass,See Encompass.
Incompassion,Want of compassion or pity.
Incompassionate,Not compassionate; void of pity or of tenderness; remorseless.
Incompatibleness,The quality or state of being incompatible; incompatibility.
Incompatibly,In an incompatible manner; inconsistently; incongruously.
Incompetence,Alt. of Incompetency
Incompetently,In an competent manner; inadequately; unsuitably.
Incompetibility,See Incompatibility.
Incompetible,See Incompatible.
Incompletely,In an incomplete manner.
Incompleteness,The state of being incomplete; imperfectness; defectiveness.
Incompletion,Want of completion; incompleteness.
Incomplex,Not complex; uncompounded; simple.
Incompliable,Not compliable; not conformable.
Incomposed,Disordered; disturbed.
Incomposite,Not composite; uncompounded; simple.
Incompossible,Not capable of joint existence; incompatible; inconsistent.
Incomprehense,Incomprehensible.
Incomprehensible,Not capable of being contained within limits.
Incomprehension,Want of comprehension or understanding.
Incomputable,Not computable.
Inconcealable,Not concealable.
Inconceivability,The quality of being inconceivable; inconceivableness.
Inconceptible,Inconceivable.
Inconcerning,Unimportant; trifling.
Inconcinne,Dissimilar; incongruous; unsuitable.
Inconcinnity,Want of concinnity or congruousness; unsuitableness.
Inconcinnous,Not concinnous; unsuitable; discordant.
Inconcludent,Not inferring a conclusion or consequence; not conclusive.
Inconcluding,Inferring no consequence.
Inconcoct,Inconcocted.
Inconcocted,Imperfectly digested  matured or ripened.
Inconcoction,The state of being undigested; unripeness; immaturity.
Inconcrete,Not concrete.
Inconcurring,Not concurring; disagreeing.
Inconcussible,Not concussible; that cannot be shaken.
Incondensability,Alt. of Incondensibility
Incondensibility,The quality or state of being incondensable.
Incondensable,Alt. of Incondensible
Incondite,Badly put together; inartificial; rude; unpolished; irregular.
Inconditional,Unconditional.
Inconditionate,Not conditioned; not limited; absolute.
Inconform,Unconformable.
Inconformable,Unconformable.
Inconformity,Want of conformity; nonconformity.
Inconfused,Not confused; distinct.
Inconfusion,Freedom from confusion; distinctness.
Inconfutable,Not confutable.
Incongealable,Not congealable; incapable of being congealed.
Incongenial,Not congenial; uncongenial.
Incongruence,Want of congruence; incongruity.
Incongruent,Incongruous.
Incongruities,of Incongruity
Inconnected,Not connected; disconnected.
Inconnection,Disconnection.
Inconnexedly,Not connectedly; without connection.
Inconscionable,Unconscionable.
Inconscious,Unconscious.
Inconsecutiveness,The state or quality of not being consecutive.
Inconsequentiality,The state of being inconsequential.
Inconsequentness,Inconsequence.
Inconsideracy,Inconsiderateness; thoughtlessness.
Inconsiderately,In an inconsiderate manner.
Inconsiderateness,The quality or state of being inconsiderate.
Inconsistence,Inconsistency.
Inconsistencies,of Inconsistency
Inconsistently,In an inconsistent manner.
Inconsistentness,Inconsistency.
Inconsisting,Inconsistent.
Inconsonance,Alt. of Inconsonancy
Inconsonant,Not consonant or agreeing; inconsistent; discordant.
Inconspicuous,Not conspicuous or noticeable; hardly discernible.
Inconstance,Inconstancy.
Inconstantly,In an inconstant manner.
Incomsumable,Not consumable; incapable of being consumed  wasted or spent.
Inconsummate,Not consummated; not finished; incomplete.
Inconsumptible,Inconsumable.
Incontaminate,Not contaminated; pure.
Incontentation,Discontent.
Incontestability,The quality or state of being incontestable.
Incontested,Not contested.
Incontiguous,Not contiguous; not adjoining or in contact; separate.
Incontinence,Alt. of Incontinency
Incontracted,Uncontracted.
Incontrollable,Not controllable; uncontrollable.
Incontrovertibility,The state or condition of being incontrovertible.
Inconveniency,Inconvenience.
Inconvenient,Not becoming or suitable; unfit; inexpedient.
Inconversable,Incommunicative; unsocial; reserved.
Inconversant,Not conversant; not acquainted; not versed; unfamiliar.
Inconverted,Not turned or changed about.
Inconvertibleness,Inconvertibility.
Inconvertibly,In an inconvertible manner.
Inconvincible,Not convincible; incapable of being convinced.
Inconvincibly,In a manner not admitting of being convinced.
Incony,Unlearned; artless; pretty; delicate.
Incoordinate,Not coordinate.
Incoordination,Want of coordination; lack of harmonious adjustment or action.
Incoronate,Crowned.
Incorporal,Immaterial; incorporeal; spiritual.
Incorporality,Incorporeality.
Incorporally,Incorporeally.
Incorporated,of Incorporate
Incorporating,of Incorporate
Incorporation,The act of incorporating  or the state of being incorporated.
Incorporealism,Existence without a body or material form; immateriality.
Incorporealist,One who believes in incorporealism.
Incorporeally,In an incorporeal manner.
Incorporeity,The quality of being incorporeal; immateriality.
Incorpse,To incorporate.
Incorrection,Want of correction  restraint or discipline.
Incorrespondence,Alt. of Incorrespondency
Incorrespondency,Want of correspondence; disagreement; disproportion.
Incorresponding,Not corresponding; disagreeing.
Incorrigibility,The state or quality of being incorrigible.
Incorrigibleness,Incorrigibility.
Incorrigibly,In an incorrigible manner.
Incorrodible,Incapable of being corroded  consumed or eaten away.
Incorrupted,Uncorrupted.
Incorruptibility,The quality of being incorruptible; incapability of corruption.
Incorruptibly,In an incorruptible manner.
Incorruptive,Incorruptible; not liable to decay.
Incorruptly,Without corruption.
Incorruptness,Freedom or exemption from decay or corruption.
Incrassated,of Incrassate
Incrassating,of Incrassate
Incrassative,Having the quality of thickening; tending to thicken.
Increasable,Capable of being increased.
Increased,of Increase
Increasing,of Increase
Increaseful,Full of increase; abundant in produce.
Increasement,Increase.
Increaser,One who  or that increases.
Increasingly,More and more.
Increated,of Increate
Increating,of Increate
Increate,To create within.
Incredibility,The quality or state of being incredible; incredibleness.
Incredibleness,Incredibility.
Incredibly,In an incredible manner.
Incredited,Uncredited.
Incredulously,In an incredulous manner; with incredulity.
Incredulousness,Incredulity.
Incremable,Incapable of being burnt; incombustibe.
Incremation,Burning; esp.  the act of burning a dead body; cremation.
Increpate,To chide; to rebuke; to reprove.
Increpation,A chiding; rebuke; reproof.
Increscent,Increasing; growing; augmenting; swelling; enlarging.
Increst,To adorn with a crest.
Incriminated,of Incriminate
Incriminating,of Incriminate
Incriminate,To accuse; to charge with a crime or fault; to criminate.
Incrimination,The act of incriminating; crimination.
Incruental,Unbloody; not attended with blood; as  an incruental sacrifice.
Incrusted,of Incrust
Incrusting,of Incrust
Incrustate,Incrusted.
Incrustation,The act of incrusting  or the state of being incrusted.
Incrustment,Incrustation.
Incrystallizable,Not crystallizable; incapable of being formed into crystals.
Incubated,of Incubate
Incubating,of Incubate
Incubative,Of or pertaining to incubation  or to the period of incubation.
Incubatory,Serving for incubation.
Incube,To fix firmly  as in cube; to secure or place firmly.
Incubiture,Incubation.
Incubuses,of Incubus
Incubi,of Incubus
Inculcated,of Inculcate
Inculcating,of Inculcate
Inculcation,A teaching and impressing by frequent repetitions.
Inculcator,One who inculcates.
Inculk,To inculcate.
Inculp,To inculpate.
Inculpable,Faultless; blameless; innocent.
Inculpableness,Blamelessness; faultlessness.
Inculpably,Blamelessly.
Inculpated,of Inculpate
Inculpating,of Inculpate
Inculpation,Blame; censure; crimination.
Inculpatory,Imputing blame; criminatory; compromising; implicating.
Incult,Untilled; uncultivated; crude; rude; uncivilized.
Incultivated,Uncultivated.
Incultivation,Want of cultivation.
Inculture,Want or neglect of cultivation or culture.
Incumbencies,of Incumbency
Incumbency,The state of being incumbent; a lying or resting on something.
Incumbently,In an incumbent manner; so as to be incumbent.
Incumbered,of Incumber
Incumbering,of Incumber
Incumber,See Encumber.
Incumbition,Incubation.
Incumbrous,Cumbersome; troublesome.
Incunabula,of Incunabulum
Incurred,of Incur
Incurring,of Incur
Incurability,The state of being uncurable; irremediableness.
Incurableness,The state of being incurable; incurability.
Incuriosity,Want of curiosity or interest; inattentiveness; indifference.
Incuriously,In an curious manner.
Incuriousness,Unconcernedness; incuriosity.
Incursive,Making an incursion; invasive; aggressive; hostile.
Incurtain,To curtain.
Incurvate,Curved; bent; crooked.
Incurvated,of Incurvate
Incurvating,of Incurvate
Incurvation,The act of bending  or curving.
Incurved,of Incurve
Incurving,of Incurve
Incurve,To bend; to curve; to make crooked.
Incurvity,A state of being bent or curved; incurvation; a bending inwards.
Incus,An anvil.
Incuse,Cut or stamped in  or hollowed out by engraving.
Incuss,To form  or mold by striking or stamping as a coin or medal.
Incute,To strike or stamp in.
Incyst,See Encyst.
Incysted,See Encysted.
Ind,India.
Indagate,To seek or search out.
Indagation,Search; inquiry; investigation.
Indagative,Searching; exploring; investigating.
Indagator,A searcher; an explorer; an investigator.
Indamage,See Endamage.
Indamaged,Not damaged.
Indart,To pierce  as with a dart.
Inde,Azure-colored; of a bright blue color.
Indear,See Endear.
Indebted,of Indebt
Indebting,of Indebt
Indebtedness,The state of being indebted.
Indebtment,Indebtedness.
Indecence,See Indecency.
Indecencies,of Indecency
Indecently,In an indecent manner.
Indeciduate,Indeciduous.
Indecisively,Without decision.
Indecisiveness,The state of being indecisive; unsettled state.
Indecinably,Without variation.
Indecorously,In an indecorous manner.
Indecorousness,The quality of being indecorous; want of decorum.
Indefatigability,The state of being indefatigable.
Indefatigableness,Indefatigable quality; unweariedness; persistency.
Indefatigably,Without weariness; without yielding to fatigue; persistently.
Indefatigation,Indefatigableness; unweariedness.
Indefeasibility,The quality of being undefeasible.
Indefectibility,The quality of being indefectible.
Indefective,Not defective; perfect; complete.
Indefeisible,Indefeasible.
Indefensibility,The quality or state of not being defensible.
Indefensibly,In an indefensible manner.
Indefensive,Defenseless.
Indeficiency,The state or quality of not being deficient.
Indeficient,Not deficient; full.
Indefinable,Incapable of being defined or described; inexplicable.
Indefinably,In an indefinable manner.
Indefiniteness,The quality of being indefinite.
Indehiscence,The property or state of being indehiscent.
Indelectable,Not delectable; unpleasant; disagreeable.
Indeliberate,Done without deliberation; unpremeditated.
Indeliberated,Indeliberate.
Indelibility,The quality of being indelible.
Indelicacies,of Indelicacy
Indemnified,of Indemnify
Indemnifying,of Indemnify
Indemnify,To save harmless; to secure against loss or damage; to insure.
Indemnities,of Indemnity
Indemonstrability,The quality of being indemonstrable.
Indemonstrable,Incapable of being demonstrated.
Indenization,The act of naturalizing; endenization.
Indenize,To naturalize.
Indenizened,of Indenizen
Indenizening,of Indenizen
Indenizen,To invest with the privileges of a denizen; to naturalize.
Indented,of Indent
Indenting,of Indent
Indentation,The act of indenting or state of being indented.
Indentedly,With indentations.
Indention,Same as Indentation  4.
Indentment,Indenture.
Indenture,The act of indenting  or state of being indented.
Indentured,of Indenture
Indenturing,of Indenture
Independency,Independence.
Independentism,Independency; the church system of Independents.
Independently,In an independent manner; without control.
Indeposable,Incapable of being deposed.
Indepravate,Undepraved.
Indeprecable,Incapable or undeserving of being deprecated.
Indeprehensible,Incapable of being found out.
Indeprivable,Incapable of being deprived  or of being taken away.
Indescribable,Incapable of being described.
Indescriptive,Not descriptive.
Indesert,Ill desert.
Indesinent,Not ceasing; perpetual.
Indesirable,Undesirable.
Indestructibility,The quality of being indestructible.
Indetermined,Undetermined.
Indevirginate,Not devirginate.
Indevote,Not devoted.
Indevotion,Want of devotion; impiety; irreligion.
Indevout,Not devout.
Indew,To indue.
Indexes,of Index
Indices,of Index
indices,of Index
Indexed,of Index
Indexing,of Index
Indexer,One who makes an index.
Indexical,Of  pertaining to or like an index; having the form of an index.
Indexically,In the manner of an index.
Indiadem,To place or set in a diadem  as a gem or gems.
Indiamen,of Indiaman
Indiaman,A large vessel in the India trade.
Indianeer,An Indiaman.
India rubber,See Caoutchouc.
Indical,Indexical.
Indicant,Serving to point out  as a remedy; indicating.
Indicated,of Indicate
Indicating,of Indicate
Indication,Act of pointing out or indicating.
Indicatively,In an indicative manner; in a way to show or signify.
Indice,Index; indication.
Indicia,Discriminating marks; signs; tokens; indications; appearances.
Indicible,Unspeakable.
Indicolite,A variety of tourmaline of an indigo-blue color.
Indicted,of Indict
Indicting,of Indict
Indict,To write; to compose; to dictate; to indite.
Indictee,A person indicted.
Indicter,One who indicts.
Indiction,Declaration; proclamation; public notice or appointment.
Indictive,Proclaimed; declared; public.
Indictment,The act of indicting  or the state of being indicted.
Indictor,One who indicts.
Indies,A name designating the East Indies  also the West Indies.
Indifferentist,One governed by indifferentism.
Indifulvin,A reddish resinous substance  obtained from indican.
Indifuscin,A brown amorphous powder  obtained from indican.
Indigeen,Same as Indigene.
Indigency,Indigence.
Indigent,Wanting; void; free; destitute; -- used with of.
Indigently,In an indigent manner.
Indigest,Crude; unformed; unorganized; undigested.
Indigested,Not digested; undigested.
Indigestedness,The state or quality of being undigested; crudeness.
Indigestibility,The state or quality of being indigestible; indigestibleness.
Indigitated,of Indigitate
Indigitating,of Indigitate
Indigitation,The act of pointing out as with the finger; indication.
Indign,Unworthy; undeserving; disgraceful; degrading.
Indignance,Alt. of Indignancy
Indignancy,Indignation.
Indignantly,In an indignant manner.
Indignify,To treat disdainfully or with indignity; to contemn.
Indignities,of Indignity
Indignly,Unworthily.
Indigoes,of Indigo
Indigo,A kind of deep blue  one of the seven prismatic colors.
Indigogen,See Indigo white  under Indigo.
Indigometry,The art or method of determining the coloring power of indigo.
Indigotin,See Indigo blue  under Indigo.
Indigrubin,Same as Urrhodin.
Indilatory,Not dilatory.
Indiligence,Want of diligence.
Indiligent,Not diligent; idle; slothful.
Indiminishable,Incapable of being diminished.
Indirected,Not directed; aimless.
Indirection,Oblique course or means; dishonest practices; indirectness.
Indiretin,A dark brown resinous substance obtained from indican.
Indiscernible,Not to be discerned; imperceptible; not discoverable or visible.
Indiscerpibility,Alt. of Indiscerptibility
Indiscerptibility,The state or quality of being indiscerpible.
Indiscerpible,Alt. of Indiscerptible
Indiscerptible,Not discerpible; inseparable.
Indisciplinable,Not disciplinable; undisciplinable.
Indiscipline,Want of discipline or instruction.
Indiscoverable,Not discoverable; undiscoverable.
Indiscovery,Want of discovery.
Indiscreet,Not discreet; wanting in discretion.
Indiscrete,Indiscreet.
Indiscriminating,Not discriminating.
Indiscrimination,Want of discrimination or distinction; impartiality.
Indiscriminative,Making no distinction; not discriminating.
Indiscussed,Not discussed.
Indispensability,Indispensableness.
Indispensably,In an indispensable manner.
Indispersed,Not dispersed.
Indisposed,of Indispose
Indisposing,of Indispose
Indispose,To render unfit or unsuited; to disqualify.
Indisposedness,The condition or quality of being indisposed.
Indisputability,Indisputableness.
Indisputed,Undisputed.
Indissipable,Incapable o/ being dissipated.
Indisdolubility,The quality or state of being indissoluble.
Indissolubleness,Indissolubility.
Indissolubly,In an indissoluble manner.
Indissolvableness,Indissolubleness.
Indistancy,Want of distance o/ separation; nearness.
Indistinctible,Indistinguishable.
Indistinctive,Having nothing distinctive; common.
Indistinguishably,In a indistinguishable manner.
Indistinguished,Indistinct.
Inditch,To bury in  or cast into a ditch.
Indited,of Indite
Inditing,of Indite
Indite,To compose; to write; to be author of; to dictate; to prompt.
Inditement,The act of inditing.
Inditer,One who indites.
Indivertible,Not to be diverted or turned aside.
Individable,Indivisible.
Individed,Undivided.
Individualism,The quality of being individual; individuality; personality.
Individualistic,Of or pertaining to the individual or individualism.
Individualities,of Individuality
Individualized,of Individualize
Individualizing,of Individualize
Individualizer,One who individualizes.
Individuate,Undivided.
Individua,of Individuate
Individuating,of Individuate
Individuator,One who  or that which individuates.
Individuity,Separate existence; individuality; oneness.
Indivinity,Want or absence of divine power or of divinity.
Indivisibleness,The state of being indivisible; indivisibility.
Indivisibly,In an indivisible manner.
Indivision,A state of being not divided; oneness.
Indocibility,The state of being indocible; indocibleness; indocility.
Indoctrinated,of Indoctrinate
Indoctrinating,of Indoctrinate
Indo-Germanic,Same as Aryan  and Indo-European.
Indolency,Indolence.
Indolent,Free from toil  pain or trouble.
Indolently,In an indolent manner.
Indoles,Natural disposition; natural quality or abilities.
Indomable,Indomitable.
Indomite,Not tamed; untamed; savage; wild.
Indomptable,Indomitable.
Indoors,Within the house; -- usually separated  in doors.
Indorsable,Capable of being indorsed; transferable; convertible.
Indorsation,Indorsement.
Indorsed,of Indorse
Indorsing,of Indorse
Indorse,To cover the back of; to load or burden.
Indorser,Alt. of Indorsor
Indorsor,The person who indorses.
Indow,See Endow.
Indowment,See Endowment.
Indoxylic,Of or pertaining to  or producing indoxyl; as indoxylic acid.
Indraught,An opening from the sea into the land; an inlet.
Indrawn,Drawn in.
Indrench,To overwhelm with water; to drench; to drown.
Indris,Alt. of Indri
Indri,Any lemurine animal of the genus Indris.
Indubious,Not dubious or doubtful; certain.
Indubitableness,The state or quality of being indubitable.
Indubitably,Undoubtedly; unquestionably; in a manner to remove all doubt.
Indubitate,Not questioned or doubtful; evident; certain.
Induced,of Induce
Inducing,of Induce
Induce,To lead in; to introduce.
Inducement,The act of inducing  or the state of being induced.
Inducer,One who  or that which induces or incites.
Inducible,Capable of being induced  caused or made to take place.
Inducted,of Induct
Inducting,of Induct
Induct,To bring in; to introduce; to usher in.
Inductility,The quality or state of being inductile.
Inductional,Pertaining to  or proceeding by induction; inductive.
Inductively,By induction or inference.
Inductor,The person who inducts another into an office or benefice.
Inductoriums,of Inductorium
Inductoria,of Inductorium
Inductorium,An induction coil.
Inductric,Alt. of Inductrical
Indued,of Indue
Induing,of Indue
Indue,To put on  as clothes; to draw on.
Indulged,of Indulge
Indulging,of Indulge
Indulgement,Indulgence.
Indulgency,Indulgence.
Indulgential,Relating to the indulgences of the Roman Catholic Church.
Indulgently,In an indulgent manner; mildly; favorably.
Indulger,One who indulges.
Indulgiate,To indulge.
Indult,Alt. of Indulto
Indument,Plumage; feathers.
Induplicative,Having induplicate sepals or petals in aestivation.
Indurance,See Endurance.
Indurate,Hardened; not soft; indurated.
Indurated,of Indurate
Indurating,of Indurate
Induration,The act of hardening  or the process of growing hard.
Indusiate,Alt. of Indusiated
Indusiated,Furnished with an indusium.
Indusia,of Indusium
Industrialism,Devotion to industrial pursuits; labor; industry.
Industrially,With reference to industry.
Industries,of Industry
Indwelt,of Indwell
Indwelling,of Indwell
Indwell,To dwell in; to abide within; to remain in possession.
Indweller,An inhabitant.
Inearth,To inter.
Inebriant,Intoxicating.
Inebriated,of Inebriate
Inebriating,of Inebriate
Inebriate,To make drunk; to intoxicate.
Inebriety,Drunkenness; inebriation.
Inebrious,Intoxicated  or partially so; intoxicating.
Inedited,Not edited; unpublished; as  an inedited manuscript.
Ineffably,In a manner not to be expressed in words; unspeakably.
Ineffaceable,Incapable of being effaced; indelible; ineradicable.
Ineffaceably,So as not to be effaceable.
Ineffectible,Ineffectual; impracticable.
Ineffectiveness,Quality of being ineffective.
Ineffectuality,Ineffectualness.
Ineffectually,Without effect; in vain.
Ineffectualness,Want of effect  or of power to produce it; inefficacy.
Ineffervescence,Want of effervescence.
Ineffervescibility,The quality of being ineffervescible.
Ineffervescible,Not capable or susceptible of effervescence.
Inefficaciously,without efficacy or effect.
Inefficaciousness,Want of effect  or of power to produce the effect; inefficacy.
Inefficiently,In an inefficient manner.
Inelastic,Not elastic.
Inelasticity,Want of elasticity.
Inelegances,of Inelegancy
Inelegancies,of Inelegancy
Inelegance,Alt. of Inelegancy
Inelegantly,In an inelegant manner.
Ineligibility,The state or quality of being ineligible.
Inelligibly,In an ineligible manner.
Ineloquently,Without eloquence.
Ineluctable,Not to be overcome by struggling; irresistible; inevitable.
Ineludible,Incapable of being eluded or evaded; unvoidable.
Inembryonate,Not embryonate.
Inernarrable,Incapable of being narrated; indescribable; ineffable.
Inept,Not apt or fit; unfit; unsuitable; improper; unbecoming.
Ineptly,Unfitly; unsuitably; awkwardly.
Ineptness,Unfitness; ineptitude.
Inequable,Unequable.
Inequal,Unequal; uneven; various.
Inequalities,of Inequality
Inequation,An inequality.
Inequidistant,Not equally distant; not equidistant.
Inequilateral,Having unequal sides; unsymmetrical; unequal-sided.
Inequilobate,Unequally lobed; cut into lobes of different shapes or sizes.
Inequitable,Not equitable; not just.
Inequitate,To ride over or through.
Inequity,Want of equity; injustice; wrong.
Inequivalve,Alt. of Inequivalvular
Inequivalvular,Having unequal valves  as the shell of an oyster.
Ineradicable,Incapable of being /radicated or rooted out.
Ineradicably,So as not to be eradicable.
Inergetic,Alt. of Inergetical
Inergetical,Having no energy; sluggish.
Inergetically,Without energy.
Inerm,Alt. of Inermous
Inermous,Same as Inermis.
Inermis,Unarmed; destitute of prickles or thorns  as a leaf.
Inerrability,Freedom or exemption from error; infallibility.
Inerrable,Incapable of erring; infallible; unerring.
Inerrableness,Exemption from error; inerrability; infallibility.
Inerrably,With security from error; infallibly; unerringly.
Inerrancy,Exemption from error.
Inerratic,Not erratic or wandering; fixed; settled; established.
Inerringly,Without error  mistake or deviation; unerringly.
Inertion,Want of activity or exertion; inertness; quietude.
Inertitude,Inertness; inertia.
Inertly,Without activity; sluggishly.
Inerudite,Not erudite; unlearned; ignorant.
Inescapable,Not escapable.
Inescate,To allure; to lay a bait for.
Inescation,The act of baiting; allurement.
Inescutcheon,A small escutcheon borne within a shield.
Inessential,Having no essence or being.
Inevasible,Incapable of being evaded; inevitable; unavoidable.
Inevidence,Want of evidence; obscurity.
Inevident,Not evident; not clear or obvious; obscure.
Inevitability,Impossibility to be avoided or shunned; inevitableness.
Inevitable,Not evitable; incapable of being shunned; unavoidable; certain.
Inevitableness,The state of being unavoidable; certainty to happen.
Inexact,Not exact; not precisely correct or true; inaccurate.
Inexactitude,Inexactness; uncertainty; as  geographical inexactitude.
Inexactly,In a manner not exact or precise; inaccurately.
Inexactness,Incorrectness; want of exactness.
Inexcitable,Not susceptible of excitement; dull; lifeless; torpid.
Inexcusableness,The quality of being inexcusable; enormity forgiveness.
Inexcusably,With a degree of guilt or folly beyond excuse or justification.
Inexecrable,That can not be execrated enough.
Inexhalable,Incapable of being exhaled.
Inexhaustedly,Without exhaustion.
Inexhaustibility,The state or quality of being inexhaustible; abundance.
Inexhaustive,Inexhaustible.
Inexist,To exist within; to dwell within.
Inexistant,Inexistent; not existing.
Inexistence,Inherence; subsistence.
Inexistent,Not having being; not existing.
Inexorability,The quality of being inexorable  or unyielding to entreaty.
Inexorableness,The quality or state of being inexorable.
Inexorably,In an inexorable manner; inflexibly.
Inexpansible,Incapable of expansion  enlargement or extension.
Inexpectable,Not to be expected or anticipated.
Inexpectant,Not expectant.
Inexpectation,Absence of expectation.
Inexpected,Unexpected.
Inexpectedly,Unexpectedly.
Inexpectedness,Unexpectedness.
Inexpedience,Alt. of Inexpediency
Inexpediently,Not expediently; unfitly.
Inexpensive,Not expensive; cheap.
Inexperienced,Not having experience unskilled.
Inexpert,Destitute of experience or of much experience.
Inexpertness,Want of expertness or skill.
Inexpiableness,Quality of being inexpiable.
Inexpiate,Not appeased or placated.
Inexplainable,Incapable of being explained; inexplicable.
Inexpleably,Insatiably.
Inexplicability,The quality or state of being inexplicable.
Inexplicableness,A state of being inexplicable; inexplicability.
Inexplicably,In an inexplicable manner.
Inexplicit,Not explicit; not clearly stated; indefinite; vague.
Inexplorable,Incapable of being explored  searched out or discovered.
Inexplosive,Not explosive.
Inexposure,A state of not being exposed.
Inexpressibles,Breeches; trousers.
Inexpressibly,In an inexpressible manner or degree; unspeakably; unutterably.
Inexpressive,Inexpressible.
Inexpressiveness,The state or quality of being inexpressive.
Inexpugnable,Incapable of being subdued by force; impregnable; unconquerable.
Inexpugnably,So as to be inexpugnable; in an inexpugnable manner.
Inexsuperable,Not capable of being passed over; insuperable; insurmountable.
Inextended,Not extended.
Inextension,Want of extension; unextended state.
Inexterminable,Incapable of extermination.
Inextinct,Not quenched; not extinct.
Inextinguible,Inextinguishable.
Inextinguishably,So as not to be extinguished; in an inextinguishable manner.
Inextirpable,Not capable of being extirpated or rooted out; ineradicable.
Inextricableness,The state of being inextricable.
Inextricably,In an inextricable manner.
Ineyed,of Ineye
Ineyeing,of Ineye
Infabricated,Not fabricated; unwrought; not artificial; natural.
Infallibilist,One who accepts or maintains the dogma of papal infallibility.
Infallibleness,The state or quality of being infallible; infallibility.
Infallibly,In an infallible manner; certainly; unfailingly; unerringly.
Infame,To defame; to make infamous.
Infamized,of Infamize
Infamizing,of Infamize
Infamize,To make infamous; to defame.
Infamousness,The state or quality of being infamous; infamy.
Infamies,of Infamy
Infandous,Too odious to be expressed or mentioned.
Infanthood,Infancy.
Infantine,Infantile; childish.
Infantlike,Like an infant.
Infantly,Like an infant.
Infantry,A body of children.
Infarce,To stuff; to swell.
Infashionable,Unfashionable.
Infatigable,Indefatigable.
Infatuate,Infatuated.
Infatuated,of Infatuate
Infatuating,of Infatuate
Infaust,Not favorable; unlucky; unpropitious; sinister.
Infausting,The act of making unlucky; misfortune; bad luck.
Infeasibility,The state of being infeasible; impracticability.
Infeasible,Not capable of being done or accomplished; impracticable.
Infeasibleness,The state of quality of being infeasible; infeasibility.
Infect,Infected. Cf. Enfect.
Infected,of Infect
Infecting,of Infect
Infecter,One who  or that which infects.
Infectible,Capable of being infected.
Infection,The act or process of infecting.
Infectiously,In an infectious manner.
Infectiousness,The quality of being infectious.
Infective,Infectious.
Infecund,Unfruitful; not producing young; barren; infertile.
Infecundous,Infertile; barren; unprofitable; unproductive.
Infeeble,See Enfeeble.
Infelicities,of Infelicity
Infelonious,Not felonious  malignant or criminal.
Infelt,Felt inwardly; heartfelt.
Infeodation,See Infeudation.
Infeoff,See Enfeoff.
Infeoffment,See Enfeoffment.
Inferred,of Infer
Inferring,of Infer
Infer,To bring on; to induce; to occasion.
Inferable,Capable of being inferred or deduced from premises.
Inference,The act or process of inferring by deduction or induction.
Inferential,Deduced or deducible by inference.
Inferentially,By way of inference.
Inferiae,Sacrifices offered to the souls of deceased heroes or friends.
Inferiorly,In an inferior manner  or on the inferior part.
Infernally,In an infernal manner; diabolically.
Inferobranchian,One of the Inferobranchiata.
Inferrible,Inferable.
Infertilely,In an infertile manner.
Infest,Mischievous; hurtful; harassing.
Infested,of Infest
Infesting,of Infest
Infester,One who  or that which infests.
Infestuous,Mischievous; harmful; dangerous.
Infeudation,The act of putting one in possession of an estate in fee.
Infibulation,The act of clasping  or fastening as with a buckle or padlock.
Infidelities,of Infidelity
Infield,To inclose  as a field.
Infile,To arrange in a file or rank; to place in order.
Infiltered,of Infilter
Infiltering,of Infilter
Infilter,To filter or sift in.
Infiltrated,of Infiltrate
Infiltrating,of Infiltrate
Infiltrative,Of or pertaining to infiltration.
Infinitival,Pertaining to the infinite mood.
Infinitive,Unlimited; not bounded or restricted; undefined.
Infinituple,Multipied an infinite number of times.
Infinities,of Infinity
Infirmaries,of Infirmary
Infirmative,Weakening; annulling  or tending to make void.
Infirmatory,An infirmary.
Infirmities,of Infirmity
Infirmly,In an infirm manner.
Infirmness,Infirmity; feebleness.
Infixed,of Infix
Infixing,of Infix
Inflamed,of Inflame
Inflaming,of Inflame
Inflame,To set on fire; to kindle; to cause to burn  flame or glow.
Inflamer,The person or thing that inflames.
Inflammableness,The quality or state of being inflammable; inflammability.
Inflammbly,In an inflammable manner.
Inflammative,Inflammatory.
Inflammatory,Tending to inflame  kindle or irritate.
Inflatable,That may be inflated.
Inflate,Blown in; inflated.
Inflated,of Inflate
Inflating,of Inflate
Inflatingly,In a manner tending to inflate.
Inflationist,One who favors an increased or very large issue of paper money.
Inflatus,A blowing or breathing into; inflation; inspiration.
Inflected,of Inflect
Inflecting,of Inflect
Inflection,The act of inflecting  or the state of being inflected.
Inflesh,To incarnate.
Inflex,To bend; to cause to become curved; to make crooked; to deflect.
Inflexed,Turned; bent.
Inflexible,Not capable of being bent; stiff; rigid; firm; unyielding.
Inflexibly,In an inflexible manner.
Inflexion,Inflection.
Inflexive,Inflective.
Inflexure,An inflection; a bend or fold.
Inflicted,of Inflict
Inflicting,of Inflict
Inflicter,One who inflicts.
Inflictive,Causing infliction; acting as an infliction.
Inflorescence,A flowering; the putting forth and unfolding of blossoms.
Inflow,To flow in.
Influence,A flowing in or upon; influx.
Influenced,of Influence
Influencing,of Influence
Influencer,One who  or that which influences.
Influencive,Tending toinfluence; influential.
Influent,Flowing in.
Influentially,In an influential manner.
Influx,The act of flowing in; as  an influx of light.
Influxion,A flowing in; infusion.
Influxious,Influential.
Influxive,Having a tendency to flow in; having influence; influential.
Influxively,By influxion.
Infolded,of Infold
Infolding,of Infold
Infoldment,The act of infolding; the state of being infolded.
Infoliate,To cover or overspread with  or as with leaves.
Inform,Without regular form; shapeless; ugly; deformed.
Informed,of Inform
Informing,of Inform
Informalities,of Informality
Informally,In an informal manner.
Informant,One who  or that which informs animates or vivifies.
Informative,Having power to inform  animate or vivify.
Informatory,Full of  or conveying information; instructive.
Informer,One who informs  animates or inspires.
Informidable,Not formidable; not to be feared or dreaded.
Informity,Want of regular form; shapelessness.
Informous,Of irregular form; shapeless.
Infortunate,Unlucky; unfortunate.
Infortune,Misfortune.
Infortuned,Unfortunate.
Infound,To pour in; to infuse.
Infra,Below; beneath; under; after; -- often used as a prefix.
Infra-axillary,Situated below the axil  as a bud.
Infraclavicular,Below the clavicle; as  the infraclavicular fossa.
Infract,Not broken or fractured; unharmed; whole.
Infracted,of Infract
Infracting,of Infract
Infractible,Capable of being broken.
Infractor,One who infracts or infringes; a violator; a breaker.
Infragrant,Not fragrant.
Infrahyoid,Same as Hyosternal (a).
Infralapsarianism,The doctrine  belief or principles of the Infralapsarians.
Inframaxillary,Under the lower jaw; submaxillary; as  the inframaxillary nerve.
Inframundane,Lying or situated beneath the world.
Infranchise,See Enfranchise.
Infrangibility,The quality or state of being infrangible; infrangibleness.
Infrangibleness,The state or quality of being infrangible; infrangibility.
Infraocular,Situated below the eyes  as the antenna of certain insects.
Infrapose,To place under or beneath.
Infraposition,A situation or position beneath.
Infrascapular,Beneath the scapula  or shoulder blade; subscapular.
Infraspinal,Below the vertebral column  subvertebral.
Infraspinate,Alt. of Infraspinous
Infratemporal,Below the temple; below the temporal bone.
Infraterritorial,Within the territory of a state.
Infrequence,Alt. of Infrequency
Infrequent,Seldom happening or occurring; rare; uncommon; unusual.
Infrequently,Not frequently; rarely.
Infrigidate,To chill; to make cold; to cool.
Infringed,of Infringe
Infringing,of Infringe
Infringer,One who infringes or violates; a violator.
Infructuose,Not producing fruit; unfruitful; unprofitable.
Infrugal,Not frugal; wasteful; as  an infrugal expense of time.
Infrugiferous,Not bearing fruit; not fructiferous.
Infucate,To stain; to paint; to daub.
Infule,of Infula
Infumated,of Infumate
Infumating,of Infumate
Infumate,To dry by exposing to smoke; to expose to smoke.
Infumation,Act of drying in smoke.
Infumed,Dried in smoke; smoked.
Infundibular,Alt. of Infundibulate
Infundibulate,Having the form of a funnel; pertaining to an infundibulum.
Infundibuliform,Having the form of a funnel or cone; funnel-shaped.
Infundibula,of Infundibulum
Infundibulums,of Infundibulum
Infuneral,To inter with funeral rites; to bury.
Infurcation,A forked exlpansion or divergence; a bifurcation; a branching.
Infuriate,Enraged; rading; furiously angry; infuriated.
Infuriated,of Infuriate
Infuriating,of Infuriate
Infuscate,To darken; to make black; to obscure.
Infuscated,Darkened with a blackish tinge.
Infused,of Infuse
Infusing,of Infuse
Infuse,To pour in  as a liquid; to pour (into or upon); to shed.
Infuser,One who  or that which infuses.
Infusibility,Capability of being infused  pouredin or instilled.
Infusible,Capable of being infused.
Infusibleness,Infusibility.
Infusive,Having the power of infusion; inspiring; influencing.
Infusorian,One of the Infusoria.
Infusory,Infusorial.
Infusories,of Infusory
Ing,A pasture or meadow; generally one lying low  near a river.
Ingannation,Cheat; deception.
Ingate,Entrance; ingress.
Ingelable,Not congealable.
Ingeminate,Redoubled; repeated.
Ingeminated,of Ingeminate
Ingeminating,of Ingeminate
Ingemination,Repetition; reduplication; reiteration.
Ingena,The gorilla.
Ingender,See Engender.
Ingenerabillty,Incapacity of being engendered or produced.
Ingenerable,Incapble of being engendered or produced; original.
Ingenerably,In an ingenerable manner.
Ingenerate,Generated within; inborn; innate; as  ingenerate powers of body.
Ingenerat,of Ingenerate
Ingenerating,of Ingenerate
Ingeneration,Act of ingenerating.
Ingeniate,To invent; to contrive.
Ingenie,See Ingeny.
Ingeniosity,Ingenuity; skill; cunning.
Ingeniousness,The quality or state of being ingenious; ingenuity.
Ingenite,Alt. of Ingenit
Ingenit,Innate; inborn; inbred; inherent; native; ingenerate.
Ingenuously,In an ingenuous manner; openly; fairly; candidly; artlessly.
Ingeny,Natural gift or talent; ability; wit; ingenuity.
Ingerminate,To cause to germinate.
Ingest,To take into  or as into the stomach or alimentary canal.
Inghalla,The reedbuck of South Africa.
Ingirt,To encircle to gird; to engirt.
Ingle,Flame; blaze; a fire; a fireplace.
Inglobe,To infix  as in a globe; to fix or secure firmly.
Ingloriousness,The state of being inglorious.
Inglut,To glut.
Ingluvial,Of or pertaining to the indulges or crop of birds.
Ingluvies,The crop  or craw of birds.
Ingluvious,Gluttonous.
In-going,The act of going in; entrance.
Ingorge,See Engorge.
Ingot,That in which metal is cast; a mold.
Ingrace,To ingratiate.
Ingracious,Ungracious; unkind.
Ingraff,See Ingraft.
Ingrafted,of Ingraft
Ingrafting,of Ingraft
Ingrafter,A person who ingrafts.
Ingraftment,The act of ingrafting.
Ingrain,Dyed with grain  or kermes.
Ingrained,of Ingrain
Ingraining,of Ingrain
Ingrapple,To seize; to clutch; to grapple.
Ingrate,Ingrateful.
Ingrateful,Ungrateful; thankless; unappreciative.
Ingrately,Ungratefully.
Ingratiated,of Ingratiate
Ingratiating,of Ingratiate
Ingrave,To engrave.
Ingravidate,To impregnate.
Ingravidation,The state of being pregnant or impregnated.
Ingreat,To make great; to enlarge; to magnify.
Ingredience,Alt. of Ingrediency
Ingrediency,Entrance; ingress.
Ingression,Act of entering; entrance.
Ingrieve,To render more grievous; to aggravate.
Ingroove,To groove in; to join in or with a groove.
Ingross,See Engross.
Ingrowing,Growing or appearing to grow into some other substance.
Ingrowth,A growth or development inward.
Inguen,The groin.
Inguilty,Not guilty.
Ingulfed,of Ingulf
Ingulfing,of Ingulf
Ingulfment,The act of ingulfing  or the state of being ingulfed.
Ingustable,Tasteless; insipid.
Inhability,Unsuitableness; unaptness; unfitness; inability.
Inhabited,of Inhabit
Inhabiting,of Inhabit
Inhabitable,Capable of being inhabited; habitable.
Inhabitance,Alt. of Inhabitancy
Inhabitate,To inhabit.
Inhabiter,An inhabitant.
Inhabitiveness,See Inhabitativeness.
Inhabitress,A female inhabitant.
Inhalant,Inhaling; used for inhaling.
Inhalation,The act of inhaling; also  that which is inhaled.
Inhaled,of Inhale
Inhaling,of Inhale
Inhalent,Used for inhaling; as  the inhalent end of a duct.
Inhaler,One who inhales.
Inhance,See Enhance.
Inharmonic,Alt. of Inharmonical
Inharmonical,Not harmonic; inharmonious; discordant; dissonant.
Inharmonious,Not harmonious; unmusical; discordant; dissonant.
Inharmoniously,Without harmony.
Inharmoniousness,The quality of being inharmonious; want of harmony; discord.
Inharmony,Want of harmony.
Inhaul,Alt. of Inhauler
Inhauler,A rope used to draw in the jib boom  or flying jib boom.
Inhearsed,of Inhearse
Inhearsing,of Inhearse
Inhearse,To put in  or as in a hearse or coffin.
Inhered,of Inhere
Inhering,of Inhere
Inherence,Alt. of Inherency
Inherently,By inherence; inseparably.
Inherited,of Inherit
Inheriting,of Inherit
Inheritability,The quality of being inheritable or descendible to heirs.
Inheritably,By inheritance.
Inheritor,One who inherits; an heir.
Inheritress,A heiress.
Inheritrix,Same as Inheritress.
Inherse,See Inhearse.
Inhiation,A gaping after; eager desire; craving.
Inhibited,of Inhibit
Inhibiting,of Inhibit
Inhibit,To check; to hold back; to restrain; to hinder.
Inhibitor,That which causes inhibitory action; esp.  an inhibitory nerve.
Inhive,To place in a hive; to hive.
Inheld,of Inhold
Inholding,of Inhold
Inhold,To have inherent; to contain in itself; to possess.
Inholder,An inhabitant.
Inhoop,To inclose in a hoop  or as in a hoop.
Inhumanities,of Inhumanity
Inhumanity,The quality or state of being inhuman; cruelty; barbarity.
Inhumanly,In an inhuman manner; cruelly; barbarously.
Inhumate,To inhume; to bury; to inter.
Inhumation,The act of inhuming or burying; interment.
Inhumed,of Inhume
Inhuming,of Inhume
Inhume,To deposit  as a dead body in the earth; to bury; to inter.
Inial,Pertaining to the inion.
Inimaginable,Unimaginable; inconceivable.
Inimically,In an inimical manner.
Inimicitious,Inimical; unfriendly.
Inimicous,Inimical; hurtful.
Inimitability,The quality or state of being inimitable; inimitableness.
Inion,The external occipital protuberance of the skull.
Iniquitously,In an iniquitous manner; unjustly; wickedly.
Iniquities,of Iniquity
Iniquous,Iniquitous.
Inirritative,Not accompanied with excitement; as  an inirritative fever.
Inisle,To form into an island; to surround.
Initialed,of Initial
Initialing,of Initial
Initially,In an initial or incipient manner or degree; at the beginning.
Initiated,of Initiate
Initiating,of Initiate
Initiator,One who initiates.
Inition,Initiation; beginning.
Injected,of Inject
Injecting,of Inject
Injector,One who  or that which injects.
Injelly,To place in jelly.
Injoin,See Enjoin.
Injoint,To join; to unite.
Injucundity,Unpleasantness; disagreeableness.
Injudicable,Not cognizable by a judge.
Injudicial,Not according to the forms of law; not judicial.
Injudiciously,In an injudicious manner.
Injured,of Injure
Injuring,of Injure
Injurer,One who injures or wrongs.
Injurie,of Injuria
Injuria,Injury; invasion of another's rights.
Injurious,Not just; wrongful; iniquitous; culpable.
Injuriousness,The quality of being injurious or hurtful; harmfulness; injury.
Injuries,of Injury
Inked,of Ink
Inking,of Ink
Inkfish,A cuttlefish. See Cuttlefish.
Inkhornism,Pedantry.
Inkiness,The state or quality of being inky; blackness.
Inkle,A kind of tape or braid.
Inkling,A hint; an intimation.
Inknee,Same as Knock-knee.
Inkneed,See Knock-kneed.
Inknot,To fasten or bind  as with a knot; to knot together.
Inky,Consisting of  or resembling ink; soiled with ink; black.
Inlaced,of Inlace
Inlacing,of Inlace
Inlaid,of Inlay.
Inlandish,Inland.
Inlapidate,To convert into a stony substance; to petrity.
Inlard,See Inlard.
Inlaied,of Inlay
Inlaying,of Inlay
Inlayer,One who inlays  or whose occupation it is to inlay.
Inleagued,of Inleague
Inleaguing,of Inleague
Inleague,To ally  or form an alliance witgh; to unite; to combine.
Inleaguer,To beleaguer.
Inlighten,See Enlighten.
Inlist,See Enlist.
Inlive,To animate.
Inlock,To lock in  or inclose.
In loco,In the place; in the proper or natural place.
Inlumine,See Illumine.
Inly,Internal; interior; secret.
Inmacy,The state of being an inmate.
Inmeats,The edible viscera of animals  as the heart liver etc.
Inmeshed,of Inmesh
Inmeshing,of Inmesh
Inmesh,To bring within meshes  as of a net; to enmesh.
Inmew,To inclose  as in a mew or cage.
Inned,of Inn
Inning,of Inn
Innate,Inborn; native; natural; as  innate vigor; innate eloquence.
Innately,Naturally.
Innateness,The quality of being innate.
Innative,Native.
Innavigable,Incapable of being navigated; impassable by ships or vessels.
Inne,In.
Innerly,More within.
Innermostly,In the innermost place.
Innervation,The act of innerving or stimulating.
Innerved,of Innerve
Innerving,of Innerve
Innholder,One who keeps an inn.
Innitency,A leaning; pressure; weight.
Innixion,Act of leaning upon something; incumbency.
Innkeeper,An innholder.
Innocency,Innocence.
Innocently,In an innocent manner.
Innocuity,Innocuousness.
Innocuous,Harmless; producing no ill effect; innocent.
Innodated,of Innodate
Innodating,of Innodate
Innodate,To bind up as in a knot; to include.
Innominable,Not to be named.
Innominate,Having no name; unnamed; as  an innominate person or place.
Innovated,of Innovate
Innovating,of Innovate
Innovationist,One who favors innovation.
Innovative,Characterized by  or introducing innovations.
Innovator,One who innovates.
Innoxious,Free from hurtful qualities or effects; harmless.
Innubilous,Cloudless.
Innuedoes,of Innuendo
Innuent,Conveying a hint; significant.
Innuit,An Eskimo.
Innumerability,State of being innumerable.
Innumerous,Innumerable.
Innutrition,Want of nutrition; failure of nourishment.
Innutritious,Not nutritious; not furnishing nourishment.
Innutritive,Innutritious.
Innyard,The yard adjoining an inn.
Inobedience,Disobedience.
Inobedient,Not obedient; disobedient.
Inobservable,Not observable.
Inobservance,Want or neglect of observance.
Inobservant,Not observant; regardless; heedless.
Inobservation,Neglect or want of observation.
Inobtrusive,Not obtrusive; unobtrusive.
Inoccupation,Want of occupation.
Inoculability,The qual ity or state of being inoculable.
Inoculated,of Inoculate
Inoculating,of Inoculate
Inoculation,The act or art of inoculating trees or plants.
Inodiate,To make odious or hateful.
Inodorate,Inodorous.
Inodorous,Emitting no odor; wthout smell; scentless; odorless.
Inofficially,Without the usual forms  or not in the official character.
Inofficious,Indifferent to obligation or duty.
Inofficiously,Not-officiously.
Inoperation,Agency; influence; production of effects.
Inopercular,Alt. of Inoperculate
Inoperculate,Having no operculum; -- said of certain gastropod shells.
Inopinable,Not to be expected; inconceivable.
Inopinate,Not expected or looked for.
Inopportunely,Not opportunely; unseasonably; inconveniently.
Inopportunity,Want of opportunity; unseasonableness; inconvenience.
Inoppressive,Not oppressive or burdensome.
Inopulent,Not opulent; not affluent or rich.
Inordination,Deviation from custom  rule or right; irregularity; inordinacy.
Inorganical,Inorganic.
Inorganically,In an inorganic manner.
Inorganity,Quality of being inorganic.
Inorganization,The state of being without organization.
Inorganized,Not having organic structure; devoid of organs; inorganic.
Inorthography,Deviation from correct orthography; bad spelling.
Inosculated,of Inosculate
Inosculating,of Inosculate
Inosinic,Pertaining to  or derived from inosite; as inosinic acid.
Inquartation,Quartation.
Inquest,Inquiry; quest; search.
Inquiet,To disquiet.
Inquietation,Disturbance.
Inquietness,Unquietness.
Inquinate,To defile; to pollute; to contaminate; to befoul.
Inquination,A defiling; pollution; stain.
Inquirance,Inquiry.
Inquired,of Inquire
Inquiring,of Inquire
Inquirent,Making inquiry; inquiring; questioning.
Inquirer,One who inquires or examines; questioner; investigator.
Inquiringly,In an inquiring manner.
Inquiries,of Inquiry
Inquisible,Admitting judicial inquiry.
Inquisitionary,Inquisitional.
Inquisitively,In an inquisitive manner.
Inquisitor,An inquisitive person; one fond of asking questions.
Inquisitorially,In an inquisitorial manner.
Inquisitorious,Making strict inquiry; inquisitorial.
Inquisiturient,Inquisitorial.
Inracinate,To enroot or implant.
Inrailed,of Inrail
Inrailing,of Inrail
Inrail,To rail in; to inclose or surround  as with rails.
Inreristered,of Inregister
Inregistering,of Inregister
Inregister,To register; to enter  as in a register.
Inroaded,of Inroad
Inroading,of Inroad
Inroll,See Enroll.
Inrunning,The act or the place of entrance; an inlet.
Inrush,A rush inwards; as  the inrush of the tide.
Insafety,Insecurity; danger.
Insalutary,Not salutary or wholesome; unfavorable to health.
Insanability,The state of being insanable or incurable; insanableness.
Insanable,Not capable of being healed; incurable; irremediable.
Insanableness,The state of being insanable; insanability; incurableness.
Insanably,In an incurable manner.
Insanely,Without reason; madly; foolishly.
Insaneness,Insanity; madness.
Insaniate,To render unsound; to make mad.
Insanie,Insanity.
Insanitary,Not sanitary; unhealthy; as  insanitary conditions of drainage.
Insanitation,Lack of sanitation; careless or dangerous hygienic conditions.
Insapory,Tasteless; unsavory.
Insatiability,The state or quality of being insatiable; insatiableness.
Insatiably,In an insatiable manner or degree; unappeasably.
Insatiate,Insatiable; as  insatiate thirst.
Insatiately,Insatiably.
Insatiateness,The state of being insatiate.
Insatiety,Insatiableness.
Insatisfaction,Insufficiency; emptiness.
Insaturable,Not capable of being saturated or satisfied.
Inscience,Want of knowledge; ignorance.
Inscient,Having little or no knowledge; ignorant; stupid; silly.
Insconce,See Ensconce.
Inscribableness,Quality of being inscribable.
Inscribed,of Inscribe
Inscribing,of Inscribe
Inscriber,One who inscribes.
Inscriptible,Capable of being inscribed; inscribable.
Inscription,The act or process of inscribing.
Inscrolled,of Inscroll
Inscrolling,of Inscroll
Inscroll,To write on a scroll; to record.
Inscrutability,The quality or state of being inscrutable; inscrutableness.
Inscrutableness,The quality or state of being inscrutable; inscrutability.
Inscrutably,In an inscrutable manner.
Insculp,To engrave; to carve; to sculpture.
Insculption,Inscription.
Insculpture,An engraving  carving or inscription.
Insculptured,Engraved.
Inseamed,of Inseam
Inseaming,of Inseam
Inseam,To impress or mark with a seam or cicatrix.
Insearch,To make search after; to investigate or examine; to ensearch.
Insecable,Incapable of being divided by cutting; indivisible.
Insect,One of the Insecta; esp.  one of the Hexapoda. See Insecta.
Insectary,A place for keeping living insects.
Insectation,The act of pursuing; pursuit; harassment; persecution.
Insectator,A pursuer; a persecutor; a censorious critic.
Insected,Pertaining to  having the nature of or resembling an insect.
Insectile,Pertaining to  or having the nature of insects.
Insection,A cutting in; incisure; incision.
Insectivora,An order of mammals which feed principally upon insects.
Insectivores,of Insectivore
Insectivore,One of the Insectivora.
Insectivorous,Feeding or subsisting on insects; carnivorous.
Insectologer,An entomologist.
Insectology,Entomology.
Insecurely,In an insecure manner.
Insecureness,Insecurity.
Insecurities,of Insecurity
Insecution,A following after; close pursuit.
Inseminate,To sow; to impregnate.
Insemination,A sowing.
Insensate,Wanting sensibility; destitute of sense; stupid; foolish.
Insense,To make to understand; to instruct.
Insensibleness,Insensibility.
Insensitive,Not sensitive; wanting sensation  or wanting acute sensibility.
Insentiment,Not sentient; not having perception  or the power of perception.
Inseparability,The quality or state of being inseparable; inseparableness.
Inseparable,Not separable; incapable of being separated or disjoined.
Inseparableness,The quality or state of being inseparable; inseparability.
Inseparate,Not separate; together; united.
Inseparately,Inseparably.
Inserted,of Insert
Inserting,of Insert
Inserve,To be of use to an end; to serve.
Inservient,Conducive; instrumental.
Insession,The act of sitting  as in a tub or bath.
Insessores,of Insessor
Insessorial,Pertaining to  or having the character of perching birds.
Inset,To infix.
Inseverable,Incapable of being severed; indivisible; inseparable.
Inshaded,Marked with different shades.
Insheathe,To insert as in a sheath; to sheathe.
Inshell,To hide in a shell.
Inship,To embark.
Inshrine,See Enshrine.
Insiccation,The act or process of drying in.
Insidiate,To lie in ambush for.
Insidiator,One who lies in ambush.
Insignificancy,Insignificance.
Insignificantly,without significance  importance or effect; to no purpose.
Insignificative,Not expressing meaning; not significant.
Insignment,A token  mark or explanation.
Insimulate,To accuse.
Insincerely,Without sincerity.
Insinewed,of Insinew
Insinewing,of Insinew
Insinew,To strengthen  as with sinews; to invigorate.
Insinuant,Insinuating; insinuative.
Insinuated,of Insinuate
Insinuating,of Insinuate
Insinuatingly,By insinuation.
Insinuator,One who  or that which insinuates.
Insinuatory,Insinuative.
Insipidity,Alt. of Insipidness
Insipidness,The quality or state of being insipid; vapidity.
Insipidly,In an insipid manner; without taste  life or spirit; flatly.
Insipience,Want of intelligence; stupidity; folly.
Insipient,Wanting wisdom; stupid; foolish.
Insisted,of Insist
Insisting,of Insist
Insist,To stand or rest; to find support; -- with in  on or upon.
Insistent,Standing or resting on something; as  an insistent wall.
Insistently,In an insistent manner.
Insisture,A dwelling or standing on something; fixedness; persistence.
Insitency,Freedom from thirst.
Insition,The insertion of a scion in a stock; ingraftment.
Insnared,of Insnare
Insnaring,of Insnare
Insnare,To catch in a snare; to entrap; to take by artificial means.
Insnarer,One who insnares.
Insnarl,To make into a snarl or knot; to entangle; to snarl.
Insociable,Incapable of being associated  joined or connected.
Insociably,Unsociably.
Insociate,Not associate; without a companion; single; solitary; recluse.
Insolated,of Insolate
Insolating,of Insolate
Insolence,The quality of being unusual or novel.
Insolency,Insolence.
Insolent,Deviating from that which is customary; novel; strange; unusual.
Insolently,In an insolent manner.
Insolidity,Want of solidity; weakness; as  the insolidity of an argument.
Insolubleness,The quality or state of being insoluble; insolubility.
Insolvencies,of Insolvency
Insomnia,Want of sleep; inability to sleep; wakefulness; sleeplessness.
Insomnious,Restless; sleepless.
Insomnolence,Sleeplessness.
Insonorous,Not clear or melodious.
Insooth,In sooth; truly.
Insouciance,Carelessness; heedlessness; thoughtlessness; unconcern.
Insouciant,Careless; heedless; indifferent; unconcerned.
Inspan,To yoke or harness  as oxen to a vehicle.
Inspected,of Inspect
Inspecting,of Inspect
Inspective,Engaged in inspection; inspecting; involving inspection.
Inspectorate,Inspectorship.
Inspectorial,Of or pertaining to an inspector or to inspection.
Inspectorship,The office of an inspector.
Inspectress,A female inspector.
Insperse,To sprinkle; to scatter.
Inspersion,The act of sprinkling.
Insphered,of Insphere
Insphering,of Insphere
Insphere,To place in  or as in an orb a sphere. Cf. Ensphere.
Inspirational,Pertaining to inspiration.
Inspirationist,One who holds to inspiration.
Inspire,To breathe into; to fill with the breath; to animate.
Inspired,of Inspire
Inspiring,of Inspire
Inspirer,One who  or that which inspirer.
Inspirited,of Inspirit
Inspiriting,of Inspirit
Inspissated,of Inspissate
Inspissating,of Inspissate
Instabilities,of Instability
Instableness,Instability; unstableness.
Installed,of Install
Installing,of Install
Installment,The act of installing; installation.
Instamp,See Enstamp.
Instanced,of Instance
Instancing,of Instance
Instancy,Instance; urgency.
Instant,Pressing; urgent; importunate; earnest.
Instantaneity,Quality of being instantaneous.
Instanter,Immediately; instantly; at once; as  he left instanter.
Instantly,Without the least delay or interval; at once; immediately.
Instar,To stud as with stars.
Instated,of Instate
Instating,of Instate
Instaurated,of Instaurate
Instaurating,of Instaurate
Instaurate,To renew or renovate.
Instaurator,One who renews or restores to a former condition.
Instaure,To renew or renovate; to instaurate.
Instead,In the place or room; -- usually followed by of.
Insteeped,of Insteep
Insteeping,of Insteep
Insteep,To steep or soak; to drench.
Instigated,of Instigate
Instigating,of Instigate
Instigatingly,Incitingly; temptingly.
Instigator,One who instigates or incites.
Instilled,of Instill
Instilling,of Instill
Instillation,The of instilling; also  that which is instilled.
Instilllator,An instiller.
Instilllatory,Belonging to instillation.
Instiller,One who instills.
Instillment,The act of instilling; also  that which is instilled.
Instimulate,Not to stimulate; to soothe; to quiet.
Instimulation,Stimulation.
Instinction,Instinct; incitement; inspiration.
Instinctivity,The quality of being instinctive  or prompted by instinct.
Instipulate,See Exstipulate.
Institute,Established; organized; founded.
Instituted,of Institute
Instituting,of Institute
Instituter,An institutor.
Institutionary,Relating to an institution  or institutions.
Institutist,A writer or compiler of  or a commentator on institutes.
Institutive,Tending or intended to institute; having the power to establish.
Institutively,In conformity with an institution.
Institutor,One who institutes  founds ordains or establishes.
Instop,To stop; to close; to make fast; as  to instop the seams.
Instore,To store up; to inclose; to contain.
Instratified,Interstratified.
Instruct,Arranged; furnished; provided.
Instructed,of Instruct
Instructing,of Instruct
Instructer,See Instructor.
Instructible,Capable of being instructed; teachable; docible.
Instructional,Pertaining to  or promoting instruction; educational.
Instructress,A woman who instructs; a preceptress; a governess.
Instrumentalities,of Instrumentality
Instrumentally,By means of an instrument or agency; as means to an end.
Instrumentalness,Usefulness or agency  as means to an end; instrumentality.
Instrumentary,Instrumental.
Instrumentist,A performer on a musical instrument; an instrumentalist.
Instyle,To style.
Insuavity,Want of suavity; unpleasantness.
Insubmergible,Not capable of being submerged; buoyant.
Insubmission,Want of submission; disobedience; noncompliance.
Insubordinate,Not submitting to authority; disobedient; rebellious; mutinous.
Insubstantial,Unsubstantial; not real or strong.
Insubstantiality,Unsubstantiality; unreality.
Insuccess,Want of success.
Insue,See Ensue  v. i.
Insufficience,Insufficiency.
Insufficiently,In an insufficient manner or degree; unadequately.
Insufflation,The act of breathing on or into anything
Insuitable,Unsuitable.
Insularly,In an insular manner.
Insulary,Insular.
Insulated,of Insulate
Insulating,of Insulate
Insulate,To make an island of.
Insulator,One who  or that which insulates.
Insulous,Abounding in islands.
Insulse,Insipid; dull; stupid.
Insulsity,Insipidity; stupidity; dullness.
Insult,The act of leaping on; onset; attack.
Insulted,of Insult
Insulting,of Insult
Insultable,Capable of being insulted or affronted.
Insultation,The act of insulting; abusive or insolent treatment; insult.
Insulter,One who insults.
Insultment,Insolent treatment; insult.
Insume,To take in; to absorb.
Insuperability,The quality or state of being insuperable; insuperableness.
Insupposable,Incapable of being supposed; not supposable; inconceivable.
Insuppressible,That can not be suppressed or concealed; irrepressible.
Insuppressive,Insuppressible.
Insurancer,One who effects insurance; an insurer; an underwriter.
Insurant,The person insured.
Insured,of Insure
Insuring,of Insure
Insure,To make sure or secure; as  to insure safety to any one.
Insurgence,Alt. of Insurgency
Insurgency,A state of insurrection; an uprising; an insurrection.
Insurmountability,The state or quality of being insurmountable.
Insurmountableness,The state or quality of being insurmountable; insurmountability.
Insurmountably,In a manner or to a degree not to be overcome.
Insurrectional,Pertaining to insurrection; consisting in insurrection.
Insurrectionist,One who favors  or takes part in insurrection; an insurgent.
Insusceptibility,Want of susceptibility  or of capacity to feel or perceive.
Insusceptive,Not susceptive or susceptible.
Insusurration,The act of whispering into something.
Inswathed,of Inswathe
Inswating,of Inswathe
Inswathe,To wrap up; to infold; to swathe.
Intactible,Alt. of Intactable
Intactable,Not perceptible to the touch.
Intagliated,Engraved in intaglio; as  an intagliated stone.
Intaglius,of Intaglio
Intagli,of Intaglio
Intail,See Entail  v. t.
Intaminated,Uncontaminated.
Intangibilities,of Intangibility
Intangibility,The quality or state of being intangible; intangibleness.
Intangle,See Entangle.
Intastable,Incapable of being tasted; tasteless; unsavory.
Integrability,The quality of being integrable.
Integrable,Capable of being integrated.
Integrality,Entireness.
Integrally,In an integral manner; wholly; completely; also  by integration.
Integrated,of Integrate
Integrating,of Integrate
Integration,The act or process of making whole or entire.
Integumentary,Belonging to  or composed of integuments.
Intellectively,In an intellective manner.
Intellectualism,Intellectual power; intellectuality.
Intellectualist,One who overrates the importance of the understanding.
Intellectually,In an intellectual manner.
Intelligence,The act or state of knowing; the exercise of the understanding.
Intelligencing,Informing; giving information; talebearing.
Intelligency,Intelligence.
Intelligentiary,One who gives information; an intelligencer.
Intelligently,In an intelligent manner; with intelligence.
Intelligibleness,The quality or state of being intelligible; intelligibility.
Intemerate,Alt. of Intemerated
Intemerated,Pure; undefiled.
Intemerateness,The state of being unpolluted; purity.
Intemerament,A bad state; as  the intemperament of an ulcerated part.
Intemperancy,Intemperance.
Intemperant,Intemperate.
Intemperature,Intemperateness.
Intempestive,Out of season; untimely.
Intempestively,Unseasonably.
Intempestivity,Unseasonableness; untimeliness.
Intended,of Intend
Intending,of Intend
Intend,To stretch' to extend; to distend.
Intendancies,of Intendancy
Intendancy,The office or employment of an intendant.
Intendedly,Intentionally.
Intendent,See Intendant  n.
Intender,One who intends.
Intendiment,Attention; consideration; knowledge; understanding.
Intendment,Charge; oversight.
Intenerated,of Intenerate
Intenerating,of Intenerate
Intenerate,To make tender or sensitive; to soften.
Intenible,Incapable of holding or containing.
Intensated,of Intensate
Intensating,of Intensate
Intensate,To intensify.
Intensation,The act or process of intensifying; intensification; climax.
Intensative,Adding intensity; intensifying.
Intensely,Intently.
Intensification,The act or process of intensifying  or of making more intense.
Intensified,of Intensify
Intensifying,of Intensify
Intensively,In an intensive manner; by increase of degree.
Intensiveness,The quality or state of being intensive; intensity.
Intentation,Intention.
Intentionality,The quality or state of being intentional; purpose; design.
Intentionally,In an intentional manner; with intention; by design; of purpose.
Intentive,Attentive; intent.
Intentively,Attentively; closely.
Intentiveness,Closeness of attention or application of mind; attentiveness.
Intently,In an intent manner; as  the eyes intently fixed.
Interred,of Inter
Interring,of Inter
Interaction,Intermediate action.
Interagency,Intermediate agency.
Interagent,An intermediate agent.
Interall,Entrail or inside.
Interambulacral,Of or pertaining to the interambulacra.
Interambulacra,of Interambulacrum
Interambulacrums,of Interambulacrum
Interamnian,Situated between rivers.
Interanimate,To animate or inspire mutually.
Interarboration,The interweaving of branches of trees.
Interaulic,Existing between royal courts.
Interaxal,Situated in an interaxis.
Interaxillary,Situated within or between the axils of leaves.
Interaxes,of Interaxis
Interaxis,The space between two axes. See Axis  6.
Interbastation,Patchwork.
Interbrachial,Between the arms.
Interbrain,See Thalamencephalon.
Interbranchial,Between the branchiae.
Interbreed,To breed by crossing different stocks of animals or plants.
Intercalar,Intercalary.
Intercalated,of Intercalate
Intercalating,of Intercalate
Intercalate,To insert  as a day or other portion of time in a calendar.
Intercalation,The insertion of a day  or other portion of time in a calendar.
Interceded,of Intercede
Interceding,of Intercede
Intercede,To pass between; to intervene.
Intercedence,The act of interceding; intercession; intervention.
Intercedent,Passing between; mediating; pleading.
Interceder,One who intercedes; an intercessor; a mediator.
Intercentral,Between centers.
Intercentra,of Intercentrum
Intercepted,of Intercept
Intercepting,of Intercept
Intercepter,One who  or that which intercepts.
Interceptive,Intercepting or tending to intercept.
Intercessionate,To entreat.
Intercessorial,Intercessory.
Interchained,of Interchain
Interchaining,of Interchain
Interchain,To link together; to unite closely or firmly  as by a chain.
Interchanged,of Interchange
Interchanging,of Interchange
Interchangeable,Admitting of exchange or mutual substitution.
Interchangement,Mutual transfer; exchange.
Interchapter,An intervening or inserted chapter.
Intercident,Falling or coming between; happening accidentally.
Intercipient,Intercepting; stopping.
Inrecision,A cutting off  through or asunder; interruption.
Intercitizenship,The mutual right to civic privileges  in the different States.
Interclavicle,See Episternum.
Interclose,To shut in; to inclose.
Intercloud,To cloud.
Intercluded,of Interclude
Intercluding,of Interclude
Interclusion,Interception; a stopping / obstruction.
Intercombat,Combat.
Intercoming,The act of coming between; intervention; interference.
Intercommoned,of Intercommon
Intercommoning,of Intercommon
Intercommonage,The right or privilege of intercommoning.
Intercommuned,of Intercommune
Intercommuning,of Intercommune
Intercommune,To intercommunicate.
Intercommunicable,Capable of being mutually communicated.
Intercommunicate,To communicate mutually; to hold mutual communication.
Intercommunication,Mutual communication.
Intercommunion,Mutual communion; as  an intercommunion of deities.
Intercommunity,Intercommunication; community of possessions  religion etc.
Intercomparison,Mutual comparison of corresponding parts.
Intercondylar,Alt. of Intercondyloid
Interconnect,To join together.
Interconnection,Connection between; mutual connection.
Intercrossed,of Intercross
Intercrossing,of Intercross
Intercross,To cross each other  as lines.
Intercur,To intervene; to come or occur in the meantime.
Intercurrence,A passing or running between; occurrence.
Intercurrent,Running between or among; intervening.
Intercutaneous,Subcutaneous.
Interdashed,of Interdash
Interdashing,of Interdash
Interdash,To dash between or among; to intersperse.
Interdeal,To intrigue.
Interdentil,The space between two dentils.
Interdependence,Mutual dependence.
Interdependency,Mutual dependence; as  interdependency of interests.
Interdependent,Mutually dependent.
Interdicted,of Interdict
Interdicting,of Interdict
Interdictive,Having the power to prohibit; as  an interdictive sentence.
Interdictory,Belonging to an interdiction; prohibitory.
Interdigital,Between the fingers or toes; as  interdigital space.
Interdigitate,To interweave.
Interdigitation,The state of interdigitating; interdigital space.
Interduce,An intertie.
Interepimeral,Between the epimeral plates of insects and crustaceans.
Interequinoctial,Coming between the equinoxes.
Interess,To interest or affect.
Interesse,Interest.
Interested,of Interest
Interesting,of Interest
Interestedness,The state or quality of being interested; selfishness.
Interestingly,In an interesting manner.
Interestingness,The condition or quality of being interesting.
Interferant,One of the contestants in interference before the Patent Office.
Interfered,of Interfere
Interfering,of Interfere
Interferer,One who interferes.
Interferingly,By or with interference.
Interflow,To flow in.
Interfluent,Alt. of Interfluous
Interfluous,Flowing between or among; intervening.
Interfolded,Intertwined; interlocked; clasped together.
Interfoliate,To interleave.
Interfulgent,Shining between.
Interfuse,To pour or spread between or among; to diffuse; to scatter.
Interfusion,The act of interfusing  or the state of being interfused.
Intergraved,of Intergrave
Intergraven,of Intergrave
Intergraving,of Intergrave
Intergrave,To grave or carve between; to engrave in the alternate sections.
Interhemal,Alt. of Interhaemal
Interhaemal,Between the hemal arches or hemal spines.
Interim,The meantime; time intervening; interval between events  etc.
Interiority,State of being interior.
Interiorly,Internally; inwardly.
Interjacence,Alt. of Interjacency
Interjaculate,To ejaculate parenthetically.
Interjected,of Interject
Interjecting,of Interject
Interject,To throw in between; to insert; to interpose.
Interjectionalize,To convert into  or to use as an interjection.
Interjectionally,In an interjectional manner.
Interjectionary,Interjectional.
Interjoined,of Interjoin
Interjoining,of Interjoin
Interjoin,To join mutually; to unite.
Interjoist,The space or interval between two joists.
Interjunction,A mutual joining.
Interknit,To knit together; to unite closely; to intertwine.
Interknow,To know mutually.
Interknowledge,Mutual knowledge or acquaintance.
Interlaced,of Interlace
Interlacing,of Interlace
Interlamellar,Alt. of Interlaminar
Interlaminar,Between lammellae or laminae; as  interlamellar spaces.
Interlaminated,Placed between  or containing laminae or plates.
Interlamination,The state of being interlaminated.
Interlapse,The lapse or interval of time between two events.
Interlarded,of Interlard
Interlarding,of Interlard
Interlard,To place lard or bacon amongst; to mix  as fat meat with lean.
Interlaid,of Interlay
Interlaying,of Interlay
Interlay,To lay or place among or between.
Interleaves,of Interleaf
Interleaved,of Interleave
Interleaving,of Interleave
Interlibel,To libel mutually.
Interlined,of Interline
Interlining,of Interline
Interlineal,Alt. of Interlinear
Interlineary,Interlinear.
Interlineation,The act of interlining.
Interlink,To link together; to join  as one chain to another.
Interlocation,A placing or coming between; interposition.
Interlocution,Interchange of speech; dialogue; conversation; conference.
Interlocutory,Consisting of  or having the nature of dialogue; conversational.
Interlocutrice,A female interlocutor.
Interloped,of Interlope
Interloping,of Interlope
Interlucate,To let in light upon  as by cutting away branches.
Interlucation,Act of thinning a wood to let in light.
Interlucent,Shining between.
Interluder,An actor who performs in an interlude.
Interluency,A flowing between; intervening water.
Interlunar,Alt. of Interlunary
Intermaxillae,of Intermaxilla
Intermaxilla,See Premaxilla.
Intermaxillary,Between the maxillary bones.
Intermean,Something done in the meantime; interlude.
Intermeation,A flowing between.
Intermeddler,One who meddles with  or intrudes into the affairs of others.
Intermeddlesome,Inclined or disposed to intermeddle.
Intermeddling,The act of improperly interfering.
Intermediacy,Interposition; intervention.
Intermediae,The middle pair of tail feathers  or middle rectrices.
Intermedial,Lying between; intervening; intermediate.
Intermedian,Intermediate.
Intermediaries,of Intermediary
Intermediately,In an intermediate manner; by way of intervention.
Intermediation,The act of coming between; intervention; interposition.
Intermediator,A mediator.
Intermedious,Intermediate.
Intermediums,of Intermedium
Intermedia,of Intermedium
Intermedium,Intermediate space.
Intermell,To intermeddle; to intermix.
Intermembranous,Within or beneath a membrane; as  intermembranous ossification.
Intermention,To mention among other things  or casually or incidentally.
Intermesenteric,Within the mesentery; as  the intermesenteric or aortic plexus.
Intermetacarpal,Between the metacarpal bones.
Intermetatarsal,Between the metatarsal bones.
Intermezzo,An interlude; an intermede. See Intermede.
Intermicate,To flash or shine between or among.
Intermication,A shining between or among.
Interminableness,The state of being endless.
Interminably,Without end or limit.
Interminate,Endless; as  interminate sleep.
Interminated,Interminable; interminate; endless; unending.
Intermination,A menace or threat.
Intermine,To intersect or penetrate with mines.
Intermingle,To mingle or mix together; to intermix.
Intermise,Interference; interposition.
Intermissive,Having temporary cessations; not continual; intermittent.
Intermitted,of Intermit
Intermitting,of Intermit
Intermittence,Act or state of intermitting; intermission.
Intermittently,With intermissions; in an intermittent manner; intermittingly.
Intermittingly,With intermissions; at intervals.
Intermix,To mix together; to intermingle.
Intermixedly,In a mixed manner.
Intermixture,A mass formed by mixture; a mass of ingredients mixed.
Intermodillion,The space between two modillions.
Intermontane,Between mountains; as  intermontane soil.
Intermundane,Being  between worlds or orbs.
Intermundian,Intermundane.
Intermural,Lying between walls; inclosed by walls.
Intermured,of Intermure
Intermuring,of Intermure
Intermure,To wall in; to inclose.
Intermuscular,Between muscles; as  intermuscular septa.
Intermutation,Interchange; mutual or reciprocal change.
Intermutual,Mutual.
Intern,Internal.
Internality,The state of being internal or within; interiority.
Internasal,Between the nasal cavities; as  the internasal cartilage.
Internationalist,One who is versed in the principles of international law.
Internationally,In an international manner; from an international point of view.
Interne,That which is within; the interior.
Interneciary,Alt. of Internecinal
Internecinal,Internecine.
Internecion,Mutual slaughter or destruction; massacre.
Internecive,Internecine.
Internection,Intimate connection.
Interneural,Between the neural arches or neural spines.
Internity,State of being within; interiority.
Internodial,Internodal.
Internuncial,Of or pertaining to an internuncio.
Internunciess,A female messenger.
Internuncios,of Internuncio
Internuncio,A messenger between two parties.
Internuncioship,The office or function of an internuncio.
Internuncius,Internuncio.
Interpercular,Of or pertaining to the interoperculum.
Interoperculum,The postero-inferior opercular bone  in fishes.
Interorbital,Between the orbits; as  the interorbital septum.
Interosculant,Mutually touching or intersecting; as  interosculant circles.
Interosculate,To kiss together to touch. See Osculate.
Interosseal,Alt. of Interosseous
Interosseous,Situated between bones; as  an interosseous ligament.
Interpale,To place pales between or among; to separate by pales.
Interpause,An intermission.
Interpeal,To interpel.
Interpel,To interrupt  break in upon or intercede with.
Interpellant,Interpelling; interrupting.
Interpellation,The act of interpelling or interrupting; interruption.
Interpenetrate,To penetrate between or within; to penetrate mutually.
Interpetalary,Between the petals of a flower.
Interpetiolar,Being between petioles. Cf. Intrapetiolar.
Interphalangeal,Between phalanges; as  interphalangeal articulations.
Interpilaster,The interval or space between two pilasters.
Interplace,To place between or among; as  to interplace a name.
Interplanetary,Between planets; as  interplanetary spaces.
Interpleader,One who interpleads.
Interpledge,To pledge mutually.
Interpoint,To point; to mark with stops or pauses; to punctuate.
Interpolable,That may be interpolated; suitable to be interpolated.
Interpolated,of Interpolate
Interpolating,of Interpolate
Interpolate,To renew; to carry on with intermission.
Interpone,To interpose; to insert or place between.
Interponent,One who  or that which interposes; an interloper an opponent.
Interposal,The act of interposing; interposition; intervention.
Interposed,of Interpose
Interposing,of Interpose
Interposure,Interposition.
Interpreted,of Interpret
Interpreting,of Interpret
Interpretament,Interpretation.
Interpretative,Designed or fitted to interpret; explanatory.
Interpretatively,By interpretation.
Interpretive,Interpretative.
Interpubic,Between the pubic bones or cartilages; as  the interpubic disk.
Interpunction,The insertion of points between word or sentences; punctuation.
Interreceive,To receive between or within.
Interregency,An interregnum.
Interregnums,of Interregnum
Interreign,An interregnum.
Interrelation,Mutual or reciprocal relation; correlation.
Interrepellent,Mutually repellent.
Interrer,One who inters.
Interrexes,of Interrex
Interreges,of Interrex
Interrex,An interregent  or a regent.
Interrogating,of Interrogate
Interrogatee,One who is interrogated.
Interrogator,One who asks questions; a questioner.
Interrogatories,of Interrogatory
Interrupted,of Interrupt
Interrupting,of Interrupt
Interruptedly,With breaks or interruptions; discontinuously.
Interrupter,One who  or that which interrupts.
Interruption,The act of interrupting  or breaking in upon.
Interruptive,Tending to interrupt; interrupting.
Interscapular,Between the scapulae or shoulder blades.
Interscapulars,The interscapular feathers of a bird.
Interscinded,of Interscind
Interscinding,of Interscind
Interscind,To cut off.
Interscribed,of Interscribe
Interscribing,of Interscribe
Interscribe,To write between.
Intersecant,Dividing into parts; crossing; intersecting.
Intersected,of Intersect
Intersecting,of Intersect
Intersection,The act  state or place of intersecting.
Intersectional,Pertaining to  or formed by intersections.
Interseminate,To sow between or among.
Interserted,of Intersert
Interserting,of Intersert
Intersert,To put in between other things; to insert.
Interserttion,The act of interserting  or that which is interserted.
Intersesamoid,Between sesamoid bones; as  intersesamoid ligaments.
Interset,To set between or among.
Intershock,To shock mutually.
Intersidereal,Between or among constellations or stars; interstellar.
Intersomnious,Between the times of sleeping; in an interval of wakefulness.
Interspace,Intervening space.
Interspeech,A speech interposed between others.
Interspersed,of Intersperse
Interspersing,of Intersperse
Interspersion,The act of interspersing  or the state of being interspersed.
Interspinal,Alt. of Interspinous
Interspiration,Spiritual inspiration at separate times  or at intervals.
Interstellar,Between or among the stars; as  interstellar space.
Interstellary,Interstellar.
Interstices,of Interstice
Interstinctive,Distinguishing.
Interstition,An intervening period of time; interval.
Interstratify,To put or insert between other strata.
Intertalk,To converse.
Intertangle,To entangle; to intertwine.
Intertarsal,Between the tarsal bones; as  the intertarsal articulations.
Intertex,To intertwine; to weave or bind together.
Interthoracic,In the thorax.
Intertissued,Interwoven.
Intertraffic,Mutual trade of traffic.
Intertranspicuous,Transpicuous within or between.
Intertransverse,Between the transverse processes of the vertebrae.
Intertrochanteric,Between the trochanters of the femur.
Intertropical,Situated between or within the tropics.
Intertwine,To unite by twining one with another; to entangle; to interlace.
Intertwiningly,By intertwining or being intertwined.
Intertwist,To twist together one with another; to intertwine.
Intertwistingly,By intertwisting  or being intertwisted.
Interungular,Alt. of Interungulate
Interungulate,Between ungulae; as  interungular glands.
Intervallums,of Intervallum
Intervalla,of Intervallum
Intervallum,An interval.
Intervary,To alter or vary between; to change.
Interveined,Intersected  as with veins.
Intervened,of Intervene
Intervening,of Intervene
Intervenience,Alt. of Interveniency
Interveniency,Intervention; interposition.
Intervenient,Being or coming between; intercedent; interposed.
Intervent,To thwart; to obstruct.
Intervention,The act of intervening; interposition.
Intervenue,Interposition.
Intervert,To turn to another course or use.
Intervertebral,Between vertebrae.
Interviewing,The act or custom of holding an interview or interviews.
Intervisit,To exchange visits.
Intervital,Between two lives.
Intervolved,of Intervolve
Intervolving,of Intervolve
Intervolve,To involve one within another; to twist or coil together.
Interwove,of Interweave
Interwoven,of Interweave
Interweaving,of Interweave
Interwish,To wish mutually in regarded to each other.
Interworking,The act of working in together; interweaving.
Interworld,A world between other worlds.
Interwreathe,To weave into a wreath; to intertwine.
Intestine,Internal; inward; -- opposed to external.
Intestines,of Intestine
Intext,The text of a book.
Intextured,Inwrought; woven in.
Inthirst,To make thirsty.
Inthralled,of Inthrall
Inthralling,of Inthrall
Inthrone,Same as Enthrone.
Inthrong,To throng or collect together.
Inthronization,Enthronement.
Inthronize,To enthrone.
Intice,See Entice.
Intimacies,of Intimacy
Intimate,Innermost; inward; internal; deep-seated; hearty.
Intimated,of Intimate
Intimating,of Intimate
Intimately,In an intimate manner.
Intimation,The act of intimating; also  the thing intimated.
Intime,Inward; internal; intimate.
Intimidated,of Intimidate
Intimidating,of Intimidate
Intimidatory,Tending or serving to intimidate.
Intinction,The act of tingeing or dyeing.
Intinctivity,The want of the quality of coloring or tingeing other bodies.
Intire,Alt. of Intirely
Intirely,See Entire  a. Entirely adv.
Intitle,See Entitle.
Intituled,of Intitule
Intituling,of Intitule
Intitule,To entitle; to give a title to.
Intolerability,The quality of being intolerable; intolerableness.
Intolerance,Want of capacity to endure; as  intolerance of light.
Intolerancy,Intolerance.
Intolerant,Not enduring; not able to endure.
Intolerantly,In an intolerant manner.
Intolerated,Not tolerated.
Intolerating,Intolerant.
Intombed,of Intomb
Intombing,of Intomb
Intomb,To place in a tomb; to bury; to entomb. See Entomb.
Intombment,See Entombment.
Intonate,To thunder.
Intonated,of Intonate
Intonating,of Intonate
Intonation,A thundering; thunder.
Intoned,of Intone
Intoning,of Intone
Intorsion,A winding  bending or twisting.
Intorted,of Intort
Intorting,of Intort
Intort,To twist in and out; to twine; to wreathe; to wind; to wring.
Intortion,See Intorsion.
Intoxicate,Intoxicated.
Intoxicated,of Intoxicate
Intoxicating,of Intoxicate
Intoxicatedness,The state of being intoxicated; intoxication; drunkenness.
Intoxication,A poisoning  as by a spirituous or a narcotic substance.
Intraaxillary,Situated below the point where a leaf joins the stem.
Intracolic,Within the colon; as  the intracolic valve.
Intracranial,Within the cranium or skull.
Intractability,The quality of being intractable; intractableness.
Intractile,Not tractile; incapable of being drawn out or extended.
Intramarginal,Situated within the margin.
Intramundane,Being within the material world; -- opposed to extramundane.
Intramural,Being within the walls  as of a city.
Intranquillity,Unquietness; restlessness.
Intranscalent,Impervious to heat; adiathermic.
Intranssient,Not transient; remaining; permanent.
Intransigent,Refusing compromise; uncompromising; irreconcilable.
Intransigentes,The extreme radicals; the party of the irreconcilables.
Intransitive,Not passing farther; kept; detained.
In transitu,In transit; during passage; as  goods in transitu.
Intransmissible,Not capable of being transmitted.
Intransmutability,The quality of being intransmutable.
Intrant,Entering; penetrating.
Intrap,See Entrap.
Intraterritorial,Within the territory or a territory.
Intrathoracic,Within the thora/ or chest.
Intratropical,Within the tropics.
Intrauterine,Within the uterus or womb; as  intrauterine hemorrhage.
Intravalvular,Between valves.
Intravenous,Within the veins.
Intraventricular,Within or between ventricles.
Intreasure,To lay up  as in a treasury; to hoard.
Intreat,See Entreat.
Intreatable,Not to be entreated; inexorable.
Intreatance,Entreaty.
Intreatful,Full of entreaty.
Intrenched,of Intrench
Intrenching,of Intrench
Intrench,To cut in; to furrow; to make trenches in or upon.
Intrenchant,Not to be gashed or marked with furrows.
Intrenchment,The act of intrenching or the state of being intrenched.
Intrepidly,In an intrepid manner; courageously; resolutely.
Intricable,Entangling.
Intricacies,of Intricacy
Intricately,In an intricate manner.
Intricateness,The state or quality of being intricate; intricacy.
Intrication,Entanglement.
Intrigante,A female intriguer.
Intrigued,of Intrigue
Intriguing,of Intrigue
Intriguer,One who intrigues.
Intriguery,Arts or practice of intrigue.
Intriguingly,By means of  or in the manner of intrigue.
Intrinse,Tightly drawn; or (perhaps) intricate.
Intrinsical,Intrinsic.
Intrinsically,Internally; in its nature; essentially; really; truly.
Intrinsicalness,The quality of being intrinsical; intrinsicality.
Intrinsicate,Intricate.
Introcession,A depression  or inward sinking of parts.
Introduced,of Introduce
Introducing,of Introduce
Introducement,Introduction.
Introducer,One who  or that which introduces.
Introduct,To introduce.
Introduction,The act of introducing  or bringing to notice.
Introductive,Serving to introduce; introductory.
Introductor,An introducer.
Introductorily,By way of introduction.
Introductress,A female introducer.
Introflexed,Flexed or bent inward.
Introgression,The act of going in; entrance.
Introit,A going in.
Intromission,The act of sending in or of putting in; insertion.
Intromitted,of Intromit
Intromitting,of Intromit
Intromit,To send in or put in; to insert or introduce.
Intromittent,Throwing  or allowing to pass into or within.
Intromitter,One who intromits.
Intropression,Pressure acting within.
Introreception,The act of admitting into or within.
Introspect,To look into or within; to view the inside of.
Introsume,To draw in; to swallow.
Introsusception,The act or process of receiving within.
Introvenient,Coming in together; entering; commingling.
Introverted,of Introvert
Introverting,of Introvert
Introvert,To turn or bend inward.
Intruded,of Intrude
Intruding,of Intrude
Intrudress,A female intruder.
Intrunk,To inclose as in a trunk; to incase.
Intrusional,Of or pertaining to intrusion.
Intrusted,of Intrust
Intrusting,of Intrust
Intuition,A looking after; a regard to.
Intuitionalist,One who holds the doctrine of intuitionalism.
Intuitionism,Same as Intuitionalism.
Intuitionist,Same as Intuitionalist.
Intuitive,Seeing clearly; as  an intuitive view; intuitive vision.
Intuitively,In an intuitive manner.
Intuitivism,The doctrine that the ideas of right and wrong are intuitive.
Intumesced,of Intumesce
Intumescing,of Intumesce
Intumescent,Swelling up; expanding.
Intumulated,Unburied.
Intune,To intone. Cf. Entune.
Inturbidated,of Inturbidate
Inturbidating,of Inturbidate
Inturbidate,To render turbid; to darken; to confuse.
Inturgescence,A swelling; the act of swelling  or state of being swelled.
Intuse,A bruise; a contusion.
Intussusception,The reception of one part within another.
Intwinement,The act of twinning  or the state of being intwined.
Intwist,To twist into or together; to interweave.
Inuendo,See Innuendo.
Inumbrate,To shade; to darken.
Inuncted,Anointed.
Inundant,Overflowing.
Inundated,of Inundate
Inundating,of Inundate
Inunderstanding,Void of understanding.
Inurbane,Uncivil; unpolished; rude.
Inured,of Inure
Inuring,of Inure
Inurement,Use; practice; discipline; habit; custom.
Inurned,of Inurn
Inurning,of Inurn
Inusitate,Unusual.
Inusitation,Want of use; disuse.
Inust,Burnt in.
Inustion,The act of burning or branding.
Inutile,Useless; unprofitable.
Inutterable,Unutterable; inexpressible.
In vacuo,In a vacuum; in empty space; as  experiments in vacuo.
Invaded,of Invade
Invading,of Invade
Invader,One who invades; an assailant; an encroacher; an intruder.
Invaginate,To insert as in a sheath; to produce intussusception in.
Invaginated,Sheathed.
Invagination,The condition of an invaginated organ or part.
Invalescence,Strength; health.
Invaletudinary,Wanting health; valetudinary.
Invalid,Of no force  weight or cogency; not valid; weak.
Invalidated,of Invalidate
Invalidating,of Invalidate
Invalidation,The act of inavlidating  or the state of being invalidated.
Invalide,See Invalid  n.
Invalidism,The condition of an invalid; sickness; infirmity.
Invalidness,Invalidity; as  the invalidness of reasoning.
Invalorous,Not valorous; cowardly.
Invaluable,Valuable beyond estimation; inestimable; priceless; precious.
Invaluably,Inestimably.
Invalued,Inestimable.
Invasive,Tending to invade; characterized by invasion; aggressive.
Invect,To inveigh.
Invection,An inveighing against; invective.
Invectively,In an invective manner.
Inveighed,of Inveigh
Inveighing,of Inveigh
Inveigher,One who inveighs.
Inveigled,of Inveigle
Inveigling,of Inveigle
Inveigler,One who inveigles.
Inveil,To cover  as with a vail.
Invendibility,The quality of being invendible; invendibleness; unsalableness.
Invendible,Not vendible or salable.
Invenom,See Envenom.
Invented,of Invent
Inventing,of Invent
Invent,To come or light upon; to meet; to find.
Inventer,One who invents.
Inventful,Full of invention.
Inventible,Capable of being invented.
Inventibleness,Quality of being inventible.
Inventious,Inventive.
Inventorial,Of or pertaining to an inventory.
Inventories,of Inventory
Inventoried,of Inventory
Inventorying,of Inventory
Inventress,A woman who invents.
Inveracity,Want of veracity.
Inverisimilitude,Want of verisimilitude or likelihood; improbability.
Inverted,of Invert
Inverting,of Invert
Invertebral,Same as Invertebrate.
Invertebrated,Having no backbone; invertebrate.
Invertedly,In an inverted order.
Invertible,Capable of being inverted or turned.
Invested,of Invest
Investing,of Invest
Investient,Covering; clothing.
Investigated,of Investigate
Investigating,of Investigate
Investigative,Given to investigation; inquisitive; curious; searching.
Investigator,One who searches diligently into a subject.
Investive,Investing.
Investment,The act of investing  or the state of being invested.
Investor,One who invests.
Investure,Investiture; investment.
Inveterate,Old; long-established.
Inveterately,In an inveterate manner or degree.
Inveterateness,Inveteracy.
Inveteration,The act of making inveterate.
Invict,Invincible.
Invidious,Envious; malignant.
Invigilance,Alt. of Invigilancy
Invigilancy,Want of vigilance; neglect of watching; carelessness.
Invigor,To invigorate.
Invigorated,of Invigorate
Invigorating,of Invigorate
Invigoration,The act of invigorating  or the state of being invigorated.
Invile,To render vile.
Invillaged,Turned into  or reduced to a village.
Invincibility,The quality or state of being invincible; invincibleness.
Inviolability,The quality or state of being inviolable; inviolableness.
Inviolably,Without violation.
Inviolate,Alt. of Inviolated
Inviolated,Not violated; uninjured; unhurt; unbroken.
Inviolately,In an inviolate manner.
Inviolaness,The state of being inviolate.
Invious,Untrodden.
Invirile,Deficient in manhood; unmanly; effeminate.
Invirility,Absence of virility or manhood; effeminacy.
Inviscated,of Inviscate
Inviscating,of Inviscate
Inviscerated,of Inviscerate
Inviscerating,of Inviscerate
Inviscerate,To breed; to nourish.
Invisibilities,of Invisibility
Invisible,Incapable of being seen; not perceptible by vision; not visible.
Invisibleness,The quality or state of being invisible; invisibility.
Invisibly,In an invisible manner.
Invision,Want of vision or of the power of seeing.
Invitatory,Using or containing invitations.
Invitatories,of Invitatory
Invited,of Invite
Inviting,of Invite
Invitement,Invitation.
Inviter,One who  or that which invites.
Invitiate,Not vitiated.
Invitrifiable,Not admitting of being vitrified  or converted into glass.
Invocated,of Invocate
Invocating,of Invocate
Invocate,To invoke; to call on  or for in supplication; to implore.
Invocatory,Making or containing invocation; invoking.
Invoiced,of Invoice
Invoicing,of Invoice
Invoked,of Invoke
Invoking,of Invoke
Involucellate,Furnished with involucels.
Involucella,of Involucellum
Involucellum,See Involucel.
Involucral,Pertaining to  possessing or like an involucrum.
Involucrate,Alt. of Involucrated
Involucrated,Having an involucre; involucred.
Involucre,A whorl or set of bracts around a flower  umbel or head.
Involucred,Having an involucre  as umbels heads etc.
Involucret,An involucel.
Involucra,of Involucrum
Involucrums,of Involucrum
Involucrum,See Involucre.
Involuntary,Not having will or the power of choice.
Involute,Alt. of Involuted
Involution,The act of involving or infolding.
Involved,of Involve
Involving,of Involve
Involve,To roll or fold up; to wind round; to entwine.
Involvedness,The state of being involved.
Involvement,The act of involving  or the state of being involved.
Invulgar,To cause to become or appear vulgar.
Invulnerability,Quality or state of being invulnerable.
Invulnerable,Incapable of being wounded  or of receiving injury.
Invulnerableness,Invulnerability.
Invulnerate,Invulnerable.
Inwalled,of Inwall
Inwalling,of Inwall
Inwall,To inclose or fortify as with a wall.
Inward,Being or placed within; inner; interior; -- opposed to outward.
Inwardly,In the inner parts; internally.
Inwheel,To encircle.
Inwit,Inward sense; mind; understanding; conscience.
Inwith,Within.
Inwork,To work in or within.
Itworn,Worn  wrought or stamped in.
Inwreathe,To surround or encompass as with a wreath.
Ios,of Io
Io,An exclamation of joy or triumph; -- often interjectional.
Iod-,See Iodo-.
Iodal,An oily liquid  Cl3.CHO analogous to chloral and bromal.
Iodate,A salt of iodic acid.
Iodized,of Iodize
Iodizing,of Iodize
Iodizer,One who  or that which iodizes.
Iodo-,Alt. of Iod-
Iodous,Pertaining to  or containing iodine. See -ous (chemical suffix).
Ioduret,Iodide.
Iodyrite,Silver iodide  a mineral of a yellowish color.
Ionian,Of or pertaining to Ionia or the Ionians; Ionic.
Ionic,Of or pertaining to Ionia or the Ionians.
Ipecac,An abbreviation of Ipecacuanha  and in more frequent use.
Ipocras,Hippocras.
Ir-,A form of the prefix in-. See In-.
Iracund,Irascible; choleric.
Irade,A decree of the Sultan.
Iran,The native name of Persia.
Iranian,Of or pertaining to Iran.
Iranic,Iranian.
Irate,Angry; incensed; enraged.
Ire,Anger; wrath.
Ireful,Full of ire; angry; wroth.
Irefulness,Wrathfulness.
Irenic,Alt. of Irenical
Irestone,Any very hard rock.
Irian,Of or pertaining to the iris.
Iricism,Irishism.
Iridaceous,Alt. of Irideous
Iridian,Of or pertaining to the iris or rainbow.
Iridiated,Iridescent.
Iridic,Of or pertaining to the iris of the eye.
Iridioscope,A kind of ophthalmoscope.
Iridized,of Iridize
Iridizing,of Iridize
Iridize,To point or tip with iridium  as a gold pen.
Iridosmine,Alt. of Iridosmium
Irises,of Iris
Irides,of Iris
Irisated,Exhibiting the prismatic colors; irised; iridescent.
Irised,Having colors like those of the rainbow; iridescent.
Irishism,A mode of speaking peculiar to the Irish; an Hibernicism.
Irishmen,of Irishman
Irishman,A man born in Ireland or of the Irish race; an Hibernian.
Irishry,The Celtic people of Ireland.
Iritis,An inflammation of the iris of the eye.
Ironed,of Iron
Ironing,of Iron
Ironbound,Bound as with iron; rugged; as  an ironbound coast.
Iron-cased,Cased or covered with iron  as a vessel; ironclad.
Ironer,One who  or that which irons.
Iron-fisted,Closefisted; stingy; mean.
Iron-hearted,Hard-hearted; unfeeling; cruel; as  an iron-hearted master.
Ironic,Ironical.
Ironish,Resembling iron  as in taste.
Ironist,One who uses irony.
Ironmaster,A manufacturer of iron  or large dealer therein.
Ironmonger,A dealer in iron or hardware.
Ironmongery,Hardware; a general name for all articles made of iron.
Iron-sided,Having iron sides  or very firm sides.
Ironstone,A hard  earthy ore of iron.
Ironware,Articles made of iron  as household utensils tools and the like.
Ironwood,A tree unusually hard  strong or heavy wood.
Iron works,See under Iron  a.
Irous,Irascible; passionate.
Irp,Alt. of Irpe
Irpe,A fantastic grimace or contortion of the body.
Irradiance,Alt. of Irradiancy
Irradiancy,The act of irradiating; emission of rays of light.
Irradiant,Irradiating or illuminating; as  the irradiant moon.
Irradiated,of Irradiate
Irradiating,of Irradiate
Irradiation,Act of irradiating  or state of being irradiated.
Irradicate,To root deeply.
Irrationality,The quality or state of being irrational.
Irrationally,In an irrational manner.
Irrationalness,Irrationality.
Irrebuttable,Incapable of being rebutted.
Irreceptive,Not receiving; incapable of receiving.
Irreclaimable,Incapable of being reclaimed.
Irrecognition,A failure to recognize; absence of recognition.
Irrecognizable,Not recognizable.
Irreconcile,To prevent from being reconciled; to alienate or disaffect.
Irreconcilement,The state or quality of being unreconciled; disagreement.
Irreconciliation,Want of reconciliation; disagreement.
Irrecordable,Not fit or possible to be recorded.
Irrecuperable,Irrecoverable.
Irrecured,Incurable.
Irrecusable,Not liable to exception or rejection.
Irredeemability,The state or quality of being irredeemable; irredeemableness.
Irreducibility,The state or quality of being irreducible.
Irreflection,Want of reflection.
Irreflective,Not reflective.
Irrefromable,Incapable of being reformed; incorrigible.
Irrefrangibility,The quality or state of being irrefrangible; irrefrangibleness.
Irrefutable,Incapable of being refuted or disproved; indisputable.
Irregeneracy,Unregeneracy.
Irregeneration,An unregenerate state.
Irregularist,One who is irregular.
Irregularities,of Irregularity
Irregularly,In an irregular manner.
Irregulate,To make irregular; to disorder.
Irregulous,Lawless.
Irrejectable,That can not be rejected; irresistible.
Irrelapsable,Not liable to relapse; secure.
Irrelate,Irrelative; unconnected.
Irrelative,Not relative; without mutual relations; unconnected.
Irrelavance,Irrelevancy.
Irrelievable,Not admitting relief; incurable; hopeless.
Irreligion,The state of being irreligious; want of religion; impiety.
Irreligionist,One who is irreligious.
Irreligiously,In an irreligious manner.
Irreligiousness,The state or quality of being irreligious; ungodliness.
Irremeable,Admitting no return; as  an irremeable way.
Irremediableness,The state or quality of being irremediable.
Irremissible,Not remissible; unpardonable; as  irremissible crimes.
Irremission,Refusal of pardon.
Irremissive,Not remitting; unforgiving.
Irremittable,Not capable of being remitted; irremissible.
Irremobability,The quality or state of being irremovable; immovableness.
Irremovable,Not removable; immovable; inflexible.
Irremoval,Absence of removal.
Irremunerable,Not remunerable; not capable of remuneration.
Irrenowned,Not renowned.
Irreparability,The quality or state of being irreparable; irreparableness.
Irreparableness,Quality of being irreparable.
Irreparably,In an irreparable manner.
Irrepealability,The quality or state of being irrepealable.
Irrepentance,Want of repentance; impenitence.
Irrepleviable,Alt. of Irreplevisable
Irreplevisable,Not capable of being replevied.
Irreprehensible,Not reprehensible; blameless; innocent.
Irrepresentable,Not capable of being represented or portrayed.
Irrepressibly,In a manner or to a degree that can not be repressed.
Irreproachably,In an irreproachable manner; blamelessly.
Irreptitious,Surreptitious; spurious.
Irreputable,Disreputable.
Irresilient,Not resilient; not recoiling or rebounding; inelastic.
Irresistance,Nonresistance; passive submission.
Irresistibility,The quality or state of being irrestible  irresistibleness.
Irresistibleness,Quality of being irrestible.
Irresistibly,In an irrestible manner.
Irresistless,Irresistible.
Irresoluble,Incapable of being dissolved or resolved into parts; insoluble.
Irresolubleness,The state or quality of being irresoluble; insolubility.
Irresolvability,The quality of being irresolvable; irresolvableness.
Irresolvable,Incapable of being resolved; not separable into component parts.
Irresolvableness,The quality or state of being irresolvable; irresolvability.
Irresponsibility,Want of  or freedom from responsibility or accountability.
Irresponsibly,So as not to be responsible.
Irresponsive,Not responsive; not able  ready or inclined to respond.
Irresuscitable,Incapable of being resuscitated or revived.
Irretention,Want of retaining power; forgetfulness.
Irretentive,Not retentive; as  an irretentive memory.
Irretraceable,Incapable of being retraced; not retraceable.
Irretractile,Not retractile.
Irretrievableness,The state or quality of being irretrievable.
Irretrievably,In an irretrievable manner.
Irreturnable,Not to be returned.
Irrevealable,Incapable of being revealed.
Irreverend,Irreverent.
Irreverently,In an irreverent manner.
Irreversibility,The state or quality of being irreversible; irreversibleness.
Irreversibleness,The state or quality of being irreversible.
Irreversibly,In an irreversible manner.
Irrevocability,The state or quality of being irrevocable; irrevocableness.
Irrevokable,Irrevocable.
Irrevoluble,That has no finite period of revolution; not revolving.
Irrhetorical,Not rethorical.
Irrigated,of Irrigate
Irrigating,of Irrigate
Irriguous,Watered; watery; moist; dewy.
Irrisible,Not risible.
Irrision,The act of laughing at another; derision.
Irritable,Capable of being irriated.
Irritableness,Irritability.
Irritably,In an irritable manner.
Irritant,Rendering null and void; conditionally invalidating.
Irritate,To render null and void.
Irritated,of Irritate
Irritating,of Irritate
Irritatory,Exciting; producing irritation; irritating.
Irrorated,of Irrorate
Irrorating,of Irrorate
Irrorate,To sprinkle or moisten with dew; to bedew.
Irroration,The act of bedewing; the state of being moistened with dew.
Irrubrical,Contrary to the rubric; not rubrical.
Irrugate,To wrinkle.
Irrupted,Broken with violence.
Irruptive,Rushing in or upon.
Is-,See Iso-.
Isabel,Alt. of Isabel color
Isabel color,See Isabella.
Isabella,Alt. of Isabella color
Isabella color,A brownish yellow color.
Isabelline,Of an isabel or isabella color.
Isagelous,Containing the same information; as  isagelous sentences.
Isagel,One of two or more objects containing the same information.
Isagoge,An introduction.
Isagogic,Alt. of Isagogical
Isagogical,Introductory; especially  introductory to the study of theology.
Isagon,A figure or polygon whose angles are equal.
Isatic,Alt. of Isatinic
Ischias,See Ischial.
Ischiadic,Ischial.
Ischiatic,Same as Ishial.
Ischiocerite,The third joint or the antennae of the Crustacea.
Ischion,Alt. of Ischium
Ischiopodite,The third joint of the typical appendages of Crustacea.
Ischuretic,Having the quality of relieving ischury.
Ischury,A retention or suppression of urine.
Isentropic,Having equal entropy.
Isiac,Pertaining to the goddess Isis; as  Isiac mysteries.
Isicle,A icicle.
Islamite,A Mohammedan.
Islamitic,Of or pertaining to Islam; Mohammedan.
Islamized,of Islamize
Islamizing,of Islamize
Islamize,To conform  or cause to conform to the religion of Islam.
Islander,An inhabitant of an island.
Islandy,Of or pertaining to islands; full of islands.
Isle,See Aisle.
Islet,A little island.
Ism,A doctrine or theory; especially  a wild or visionary theory.
Ismaelian,Alt. of Ismaelite
Iso-,Alt. of Is-
Isobarometric,Indicating equal barometric pressure.
Isochasmic,Indicating equal auroral display; as  an isochasmic line.
Isocheimal,Alt. of Isochimal
Isocheimenal,Alt. of Isochimenal
Isochimenal,The same as Isocheimal.
Isocheimic,The same as Isocheimal.
Isochimene,The same as Isocheim.
Isochronic,Isochronal.
Isochronism,The state or quality of being isochronous.
Isochronon,A clock that is designed to keep very accurate time.
Isochronous,Same as Isochronal.
Isoclinal,Alt. of Isoclinic
Isocrymic,Isocrymal.
Isocyanic,Designating an acid isomeric with cyanic acid.
Isodimorphic,Isodimorphous.
Isodimorphous,Having the quality of isodimorphism.
Isodynamic,Of  pertaining to having or denoting equality of force.
Isodynamous,Of equal force or size.
Isogeothermal,Alt. of Isogeothermic
Isogonic,Pertaining to  or noting equal angles.
Isographic,Of or pertaining to isography.
Isography,Imitation of another's handwriting.
Isolated,of Isolate
Isolating,of Isolate
Isolatedly,In an isolated manner.
Isolator,One who  or that which isolates.
Isomeride,An isomer.
Isomeromorphism,Isomorphism between substances that are isomeric.
Isometric,Alt. of Isometrical
Isometrical,Pertaining to  or characterized by equality of measure.
Isomorphic,Isomorphous.
Isomorphous,Having the quality of isomorphism.
Isonicotine,A crystalline  nitrogenous base C10H14N2 isomeric with nicotine.
Isonicotinic,Pertaining to  or derived from isonicotine.
Isoperimetry,The science of figures having equal perimeters or boundaries.
Isopiestic,Having equal pressure.
Isopod,Having the legs similar in structure; belonging to the Isopoda.
Isopodous,Same as Isopod.
Isopogonous,Having the two webs equal in breath; -- said of feathers.
Isorropic,Of equal value.
Isosceles,Having two legs or sides that are equal; -- said of a triangle.
Isostemonous,Having exactly as many stamens as petals.
Isostemony,The quality or state of being isostemonous.
Isosulphocyanate,A salt of isosulphocyanic acid.
Isothermal,Relating to equality of temperature.
Isotonic,Having or indicating  equal tones or tension.
Isotrimorphic,Isotrimorphous.
Isotrimorphous,Having the quality of isotrimorphism; isotrimorphic.
Isotropism,Isotropy.
Isotropous,Isotropic.
Israelite,A descendant of Israel  or Jacob; a Hebrew; a Jew.
Israelitic,Alt. of Israelitish
Issuably,In an issuable manner; by way of issue; as  to plead issuably.
Issued,of Issue
Issuing,of Issue
Issueless,Having no issue or progeny; childless.
Issuer,One who issues  emits or publishes.
Is't,A contraction of is it.
Isthmuses,of Isthmus
Istle,Same as Ixtle.
Itacist,One who is in favor of itacism.
Italian,Of or pertaining to Italy  or to its people or language.
Italianism,A word  phrase or idiom peculiar to the Italians; an Italicism.
Italianized,of Italianize
Italianizing,of Italianize
Italianize,To play the Italian; to speak Italian.
Italic,Relating to Italy or to its people.
Italics,of Italic
Italicized,of Italicize
Italicizing,of Italicize
Itched,of Itch
Itching,of Itch
Itchiness,The state of being itchy.
Itchless,Free from itching.
Itchy,Infected with the itch  or with an itching sensation.
Item,Also; as an additional article.
Itemed,of Item
Iteming,of Item
Iterable,Capable of being iterated or repeated.
Iterance,Iteration.
Iterant,Repeating; iterating; as  an iterant echo.
Iterate,Uttered or done again; repeated.
Iterated,of Iterate
Iterating,of Iterate
Iteration,Recital or performance a second time; repetition.
Iterative,Repeating.
Ithyphallic,Lustful; lewd; salacious; indecent; obscene.
Itineracy,The act or practice of itinerating; itinerancy.
Itinerancy,A passing from place to place.
Itinerantly,In an itinerant manner.
Itineraries,of Itinerary
Itinerated,of Itinerate
Itinerating,of Itinerate
Its,Possessive form of the pronoun it. See It.
Ittria,See Yttria.
Ittrium,See Yttrium.
Itzibu,A silver coin of Japan  worth about thirty-four cents.
I've,Colloquial contraction of I have.
Ivied,Overgrown with ivy.
Ivories,of Ivory
Ivies,of Ivy
Ivy-mantled,Covered with ivy.
Iwis,Indeed; truly. See Ywis.
Ixodian,A tick of the genus Ixodes  or the family Ixodidae.
Ixtle,Alt. of Ixtli
Izard,A variety of the chamois found in the Pyrenees.
Izedism,The religion of the Izedis.
Izzard,See Izard.
Jab,To thrust; to stab; to punch. See Job  v. t.
Jabbered,of Jabber
Jabbering,of Jabber
Jabberingly,In a jabbering manner.
Jabberment,Jabber.
Jabbernowl,Same as Jobbernowl.
Jacare,A cayman. See Yacare.
Jacconet,See Jaconet.
Jacent,Lying at length; as  the jacent posture.
Jacinth,See Hyacinth.
Jack-a-dandy,A little dandy; a little  foppish impertinent fellow.
Jackanapes,A monkey; an ape.
Jackass,The male ass; a donkey.
Jackdaw,See Daw  n.
Jackeen,A drunken  dissolute fellow.
Jacketed,Wearing  or furnished with a jacket.
Jacketing,The material of a jacket; as  nonconducting jacketing.
Jack Ketch,A public executioner  or hangman.
Jackknife,A large  strong clasp knife for the pocket; a pocket knife.
Jackmen,of Jackman
Jackman,One wearing a jack; a horse soldier; a retainer. See 3d Jack  n.
Jack-o'-lantern,See Jack-with-a-lantern  under 2d Jack.
Jackpudding,A merry-andrew; a buffoon.
Jacksaw,The merganser.
Jackslave,A low servant; a mean fellow.
Jacksmith,A smith who makes jacks. See 2d Jack 4 c.
Jackstone,One of the pebbles or pieces used in the game of jackstones.
Jackwood,Wood of the jack (Artocarpus integrifolia)  used in cabinetwork.
Jacobean,Alt. of Jacobian
Jacobine,A Jacobin.
Jacobinic,Alt. of Jacobinical
Jacobinized,of Jacobinize
Jacobinizing,of Jacobinize
Jacobinize,To taint with  or convert to Jacobinism.
Jacobitic,Alt. of Jacobitical
Jacobitical,Of or pertaining to the Jacobites; characterized by Jacobitism.
Jacobitism,The principles of the Jacobites.
Jacobuses,of Jacobus
Jactancy,A boasting; a bragging.
Jactation,A throwing or tossing of the body; a shaking or agitation.
Jaculable,Fit for throwing.
Jaculated,of Jaculate
Jaculating,of Jaculate
Jaculate,To throw or cast  as a dart; to throw out; to emit.
Jaculation,The act of tossing  throwing or hurling as spears.
Jaculator,One who throws or casts.
Jadding,See Holing.
Jaded,of Jade
Jading,of Jade
Jadeite,See Jade  the stone.
Jadery,The tricks of a jade.
Jadish,Vicious; ill-tempered; resembling a jade; -- applied to a horse.
Jaeger,See Jager.
Jagged,of Jag
Jagging,of Jag
Jaganatha,Alt. of Jaganatha
Jager,A sharpshooter. See Yager.
Jagg,See Jag.
Jagger,One who carries about a small load; a peddler. See 2d Jag.
Jaggy,Having jags; set with teeth; notched; uneven; as  jaggy teeth.
Jaghirdar,The holder of a jaghir.
Jah,Jehovah.
Jailer,The keeper of a jail or prison.
Jain,Alt. of Jaina
Jairou,The ahu or Asiatic gazelle.
Jak,see Ils Jack.
Jakes,A privy.
Jakwood,See Jackwood.
Jalapic,Of or pertaining to jalap.
Jalousie,A Venetian or slatted inside window blind.
Jalousied,Furnished with jalousies; as  jalousied porches.
Jam,A kind of frock for children.
Jammed,of Jam
Jamming,of Jam
Jamacina,Jamaicine.
Jamadar,Same as Jemidar.
Jamaica,One of the West India is islands.
Jamaican,Of or pertaining to Jamaica.
Jambee,A fashionable cane.
Jambes,Alt. of Jambeux
Jambeux,In the Middle Ages  armor for the legs below the knees.
Jamdani,A silk fabric  with a woven pattern of sprigs of flowers.
Jan,One of intermediate order between angels and men.
Jane,A coin of Genoa; any small coin.
Jane-of-apes,A silly  pert girl; -- corresponding to jackanapes.
Jangled,of Jangle
Jangling,of Jangle
Jangle,To sound harshly or discordantly  as bells out of tune.
Jangler,An idle talker; a babbler; a prater.
Jangleress,A female prater or babbler.
Janglery,Jangling.
Janissary,See Janizary.
Janitress,Alt. of Janitrix
Janitrix,A female janitor.
Janizar,A janizary.
Janizarian,Of or pertaining to the janizaries  or their government.
Janizaries,of Janizary
Janker,A long pole on two wheels  used in hauling logs.
Jansenism,The doctrine of Jansen regarding free will and divine grace.
Jant,See Jaunt.
Janthina,See Ianthina.
Jantily,See Jauntily.
Jantiness,See Jauntiness.
Janty,See Jaunty.
January,The first month of the year  containing thirty-one days.
Janus-faced,Double-faced; deceitful.
Janus-headed,Double-headed.
Japanned,of Japan
Japanning,of Japan
Japanese,Of or pertaining to Japan  or its inhabitants.
Japannish,After the manner of the Japanese; resembling japanned articles.
Jape,To jest; to play tricks; to jeer.
Japer,A jester; a buffoon.
Japery,Jesting; buffoonery.
Japhethite,A Japhetite.
Japhetite,A descendant of Japheth.
Jar,A turn. [Only in phrase.]
Jarred,of Jar
jarring,of Jar
Jarble,To wet; to bemire.
Jards,A callous tumor on the leg of a horse  below the hock.
Jargle,To emit a harsh or discordant sound.
Jargoned,of Jargon
Jargoning,of Jargon
Jargonelle,A variety of pear which ripens early.
Jargonic,Of or pertaining to the mineral jargon.
Jargonist,One addicted to jargon; one who uses cant or slang.
Jarnut,An earthnut.
Jar-owl,The goatsucker.
Jarring,Shaking; disturbing; discordant.
Jarringly,In a jarring or discordant manner.
Jarvey,Alt. of Jarvy
Jarvy,The driver of a hackney coach.
Jashawk,A young hawk.
Jasp,Jasper.
Jaspachate,Agate jasper.
Jasperize,To convert into  or make to resemble jasper.
Jaspery,Of the nature of jasper; mixed with jasper.
Jaspidean,Alt. of Jaspideous
Jaspideous,Consisting of jasper  or containing jasper; jaspery; jasperlike.
Jaspilite,A compact siliceous rock resembling jasper.
Jaspoid,Resembling jasper.
Jasponyx,An onyx  part or all of whose layers consist of jasper.
Jaunce,To ride hard; to jounce.
Jaundiced,Affected with jaundice.
Jaunted,of Jaunt
Jaunting,of Jaunt
Jaunt,To ramble here and there; to stroll; to make an excursion.
Jauntily,In a jaunty manner.
Jauntiness,The quality of being jaunty.
Javanese,Of or pertaining to Java  or to the people of Java.
Javel,A vagabond.
Javelinier,A soldier armed with a javelin.
Jawed,of Jaw
Jawing,of Jaw
Jawbone,The bone of either jaw; a maxilla or a mandible.
Law-fall,Depression of the jaw; hence  depression of spirits.
Jaw-fallen,Dejected; chopfallen.
Jawfoot,See Maxilliped.
Jawn,See Yawn.
Jawy,Relating to the jaws.
Jayet,See Jet.
Jazel,A gem of an azure color.
Jealous,Zealous; solicitous; vigilant; anxiously watchful.
Jealoushood,Jealousy.
Jealously,In a jealous manner.
Jealousness,State or quality of being jealous.
Jealousies,of Jealousy
Jeames,A footman; a flunky.
Jean,A twilled cotton cloth.
Jears,See 1st Jeer (b).
Jeat,See Jet.
Jedding ax,A stone mason's tool  having a flat face and a pointed part.
Jee,See Gee.
Jeel,A morass; a shallow lake.
Jeer,A gear; a tackle.
Jeered,of Jeer
Jeering,of Jeer
Jeerer,A scoffer; a railer; a mocker.
Jeers,See 1st Jeer (b).
Jeg,See Jig  6.
Jehu,A coachman; a driver; especially  one who drives furiously.
Jejunal,Pertaining to the jejunum.
Jejune,Lacking matter; empty; void of substance.
Jejunity,The quality of being jejune; jejuneness.
Jell,To jelly.
Jellied,Brought to the state or consistence of jelly.
Jellies,of Jelly
Jellying,of Jelly
Jemlah goat,The jharal.
Jemminess,Spruceness.
Jemmy,Spruce.
Jenite,See Yenite.
Jennet,A small Spanish horse; a genet.
Jenneting,A variety of early apple. See Juneating.
Jennies,of Jenny
Jenny,A familiar or pet form of the proper name Jane.
Jentling,A fish of the genus Leuciscus; the blue chub of the Danube.
Jeoparded,of Jeopard
Jeoparding,of Jeopard
Jeoparder,One who puts in jeopardy.
Jeopardized,of Jeopardize
Jeopardizing,of Jeopardize
Jeopardize,To expose to loss or injury; to risk; to jeopard.
Jeopardous,Perilous; hazardous.
Jeopardy,Exposure to death  loss or injury; hazard; danger.
Jeremiad,Alt. of Jeremiade
Jerfalcon,The gyrfalcon.
Jerguer,See Jerquer.
Jerid,Same as Jereed.
Jerked,of Jerk
Jerking,of Jerk
Jerker,A beater.
Jerkin,A jacket or short coat; a close waistcoat.
Jermoonal,The Himalayan now partridge.
Jeropigia,See Geropigia.
Jerquer,A customhouse officer who searches ships for unentered goods.
Jerquing,The searching of a ship for unentered goods.
Jerry-built,Built hastily and of bad materials; as  jerry-built houses.
Jerseys,of Jersey
Jesses,of Jess
Jessamine,Same as Jasmine.
Jessant,Springing up or emerging; -- said of a plant or animal.
Jessed,Having jesses on  as a hawk.
Jest,A deed; an action; a gest.
Jested,of Jest
Jesting,of Jest
Jester,A buffoon; a merry-andrew; a court fool.
Jestful,Given to jesting; full of jokes.
Jestingly,In a jesting manner.
Jesuited,Conforming to the principles of the Jesuits.
Jesuitic,Alt. of Jesuitical
Jesuitically,In a jesuitical manner.
Jesuitism,The principles and practices of the Jesuits.
Jesuitry,Jesuitism; subtle argument.
Jet,Same as 2d Get.
Jetted,of Jet
Jetting,of Jet
Jet-black,Black as jet; deep black.
Jets d'eau,of Jet d'eau
Jetsam,Alt. of Jetson
Jetteau,See Jet d'eau.
Jettee,See Jetty  n.
Jetter,One who struts; one who bears himself jauntily; a fop.
Jettiness,The state of being jetty; blackness.
Jetton,A metal counter used in playing cards.
Jetty,Made of jet  or like jet in color.
Jetties,of Jetty
Jeu d'esprit,A witticism.
Jeweled,of Jewel
Jewelled,of Jewel
Jeweling,of Jewel
Jewelling,of Jewel
Jewellery,See Jewelry.
Jewelry,The art or trade of a jeweler.
Jewelweed,See Impatiens.
Jewess,A Hebrew woman.
Jewise,Same as Juise.
Jewry,Judea; also  a district inhabited by Jews; a Jews' quarter.
Jew's-stone,Alt. of Jewstone
Jewstone,A large clavate spine of a fossil sea urchin.
Jezebel,A bold  vicious woman; a termagant.
Jibber,A horse that jibs.
Jibed,of Jibe
Jibing,of Jibe
Jiffy,A moment; an instant; as  I will be ready in a jiffy.
Jig,A light  brisk musical movement.
Jigged,of Jig
Jigging,of Jig
Jiggish,Resembling  or suitable for a jig or lively movement.
Jigjog,A jolting motion; a jogging pace.
Jill,A young woman; a sweetheart. See Gill.
Jill-flirt,A light  giddy or wanton girl or woman. See Gill-flirt.
Jilted,of Jilt
Jilting,of Jilt
Jimcrack,See Gimcrack.
Jim-crow,A machine for bending or straightening rails.
Jimmies,of Jimmy
Jimmy,A short crowbar used by burglars in breaking open doors.
Jimp,Neat; handsome; elegant. See Gimp.
Jimson weed,See Jamestown weed.
Jin,Alt. of Jinn
Jinn,See Jinnee.
Jingal,A small portable piece of ordnance  mounted on a swivel.
Jingled,of Jingle
Jingling,of Jingle
Jingler,One who  or that which jingles.
Jinglingly,So as to jingle.
Jingoes,of Jingo
Jingo,A word used as a jocular oath.
Jingoism,The policy of the Jingoes  so called. See Jingo 2.
Jinrikisha,A small  two-wheeled hooded vehicle drawn by one more men.
Jippo,A waistcoat or kind of stays for women.
Joes,of Jo
Jo,A sweetheart; a darling.
Job,A sudden thrust or stab; a jab.
Jobbed,of Job
Jobbing,of Job
Jobation,A scolding; a hand  tedious reproof.
Jobber,One who works by the job.
Jobbernowl,A blockhead.
Jobbery,The act or practice of jobbing.
Jocantry,The act or practice of jesting.
Jockeys,of Jockey
Jockey,A professional rider of horses in races.
Jockeyed,of Jockey
Jockeying,of Jockey
Jockeyism,The practice of jockeys.
Jocoserious,Mingling mirth and seriousness.
Jocosity,A jocose act or saying; jocoseness.
Jocular,Given to jesting; jocose; as  a jocular person.
Jocularity,Jesting; merriment.
Jocularly,In jest; for sport or mirth; jocosely.
Joculary,Jocular; jocose; sportive.
Joculator,A jester; a joker.
Joculatory,Droll; sportive.
Jocund,Merry; cheerful; gay; airy; lively; sportive.
Jocundity,The state or quality of being jocund; gayety; sportiveness.
Joe,See Johannes.
Joe Miller,A jest book; a stale jest; a worn-out joke.
Jogged,of Jog
Jogging,of Jog
Jogger,One who jogs.
Joggled,of Joggle
Joggling,of Joggle
John,A proper name of a man.
Johnadreams,A dreamy  idle fellow.
Johnnies,of Johnny
Johnny,A familiar diminutive of John.
John's-wort,See St. John's-wort.
Joined,of Join
Joining,of Join
Joinant,Adjoining.
Joinder,The act of joining; a putting together; conjunction.
Joiner,One who  or that which joins.
Joinery,The art  or trade of a joiner; the work of a joiner.
Jointed,of Joint
Jointing,of Joint
Jointer,One who  or that which joints.
Jointless,Without a joint; rigid; stiff.
Jointress,A woman who has a jointure.
Jointure,A joining; a joint.
Jointured,of Jointure
Jointuring,of Jointure
Jointureless,Having no jointure.
Jointuress,See Jointress.
Joisted,of Joist
Joisting,of Joist
Joked,of Joke
Joking,of Joke
Joker,One who makes jokes or jests.
Jokingly,In a joking way; sportively.
Jole,Alt. of Joll
Joll,Same as Jowl.
Jolif,Joyful; merry; pleasant; jolly.
Jollification,A merrymaking; noisy festivity.
Jollily,In a jolly manner.
Jolloment,Jollity.
Jolliness,Jollity; noisy mirth.
Jollity,Noisy mirth; gayety; merriment; festivity; boisterous enjoyment.
Jolly,Full of life and mirth; jovial; joyous; merry; mirthful.
Jolly-boat,A boat of medium size belonging to a ship.
Jollyhead,Jollity.
Jolted,of Jolt
Jolter,One who  or that which jolts.
Jolterhead,Alt. of Jolthead
Jolthead,A dunce; a blockhead.
Joltingly,In a jolting manner.
Jolty,That jolts; as  a jolty coach.
Jonesian,Of or pertaining to Jones.
Jongleur,Alt. of Jongler
Jonquil,Alt. of Jonquille
Joram,See Jorum.
Jordan,Alt. of Jorden
Jorum,A large drinking vessel; also  its contents.
Joso,A small gudgeon.
Joss,A Chinese household divinity; a Chinese idol.
Jossa,A command to a horse  probably meaning stand still.
Jostled,of Jostle
Jostling,of Jostle
Jostlement,Crowding; hustling.
Jot,An iota; a point; a tittle; the smallest particle. Cf. Bit  n.
Jotted,of Jot
Jotting,of Jot
Jotter,One who jots down memoranda.
Jouissance,Jollity; merriment.
Jouk,See Juke.
Joul,See Jowl.
Jounced,of Jounce
Jouncing,of Jounce
Journal,Daily; diurnal.
Journalism,The keeping of a journal or diary.
Journalist,One who keeps a journal or diary.
Journalized,of Journalize
Journalizing,of Journalize
Journalize,To enter or record in a journal or diary.
Journeys,of Journey
Journey,The travel or work of a day.
Journeyed,of Journey
Journeying,of Journey
Journey-bated,Worn out with journeying.
Journeyer,One who journeys.
Journeymen,of Journeyman
Jouster,One who jousts or tilts.
Jove,The chief divinity of the ancient Romans; Jupiter.
Jovial,Of or pertaining to the god  or the planet Jupiter.
Jovialist,One who lives a jovial life.
Joviality,The quality or state of being jovial.
Jovially,In a jovial manner; merrily; gayly.
Jovialness,Noisy mirth; joviality.
Jovialty,Joviality.
Jowl,The cheek; the jaw.
Jowler,A dog with large jowls  as the beagle.
Jowter,A mounted peddler of fish; -- called also jouster.
Joyed,of Joy
Joying,of Joy
Joyace,Enjoyment; gayety; festivity; joyfulness.
Joyancy,Joyance.
Joyless,Not having joy; not causing joy; unenjoyable.
Joysome,Causing joyfulness.
Jub,A vessel for holding ale or wine; a jug.
Jubae,of Juba
Juba,The mane of an animal.
Jubate,Fringed with long  pendent hair.
Jube,chancel screen or rood screen.
Jubilantly,In a jubilant manner.
Jubilar,Pertaining to  or having the character of a jubilee.
Jubilation,A triumphant shouting; rejoicing; exultation.
Jucundity,Pleasantness; agreeableness. See Jocundity.
Judaic,Alt. of Judaical
Judaical,Of or pertaining to the Jews.
Judaically,After the Jewish manner.
Judaist,One who believes and practices Judaism.
Judaistic,Of or pertaining to Judaism.
Judaized,of Judaize
Judaizing,of Judaize
Juddock,See Jacksnipe.
Judean,Of or pertaining to Judea.
Judged,of Judge
Judging,of Judge
Judger,One who judges.
Judgeship,The office of a judge.
Judicable,Capable of being judged; capable of being tried or decided upon.
Judicative,Having power to judge; judicial; as  the judicative faculty.
Judicially,In a judicial capacity or judicial manner.
Judicious,Of or relating to a court; judicial.
Judiciously,In a judicious manner; with good judgment; wisely.
Jugged,of Jug
Jugging,of Jug
Jugal,Relating to a yoke  or to marriage.
Jugated,Coupled together.
Juge,A judge.
Jugement,Judgment.
Jugger,An East Indian falcon. See Lugger.
Juggled,of Juggle
Juggling,of Juggle
Juggleress,A female juggler.
Jugglery,The art or act of a juggler; sleight of hand.
Juggs,See Jougs.
Juglandine,An alkaloid found in the leaves of the walnut (Juglans regia).
Jugular,Of or pertaining to the throat or neck; as  the jugular vein.
Jugulated,of Jugulate
Jugulating,of Jugulate
Jugulate,To cut the throat of.
Jugula,of Jugulum
Juga,of Jugum
Jugums,of Jugum
Juiceless,Lacking juice; dry.
Juiciness,The state or quality of being juicy; succulence plants.
Juicy,A bounding with juice; succulent.
Juise,Judgment; justice; sentence.
Juke,To bend the neck; to bow or duck the head.
Julaceous,Like an ament  or bearing aments; amentaceous.
Julep,A refreshing drink flavored with aromatic herbs
Julian,Relating to  or derived from Julius Caesar.
Juliform,Having the shape or appearance of a julus or catkin.
Juli,of Julus
Julus,A catkin or ament. See Ament.
Julies,of July
July,The seventh month of the year  containing thirty-one days.
July-flower,See Gillyflower.
Jumart,The fabled offspring of a bull and a mare.
Jumbled,of Jumble
Jumbling,of Jumble
Jumblement,Confused mixture.
Jumbler,One who confuses things.
Jumblingly,In a confused manner.
Jument,A beast; especially  a beast of burden.
Jump,A kind of loose jacket for men.
Jumped,of Jump
Jumping,of Jump
Jumper,One who  or that which jumps.
Jumpweld,See Buttweld  v. t.
Juncate,See Junket.
Juncite,A fossil rush.
Juncous,Full of rushes: resembling rushes; juncaceous.
Juncture,A joining; a union; an alliance.
June,The sixth month of the year  containing thirty days.
Juneating,A kind of early apple.
Jungermanniae,of Jungermannia
Junior,Less advanced in age than another; younger.
Juniority,The state or quality of being junior.
Juniperin,A yellow amorphous substance extracted from juniper berries.
Juniperite,One of the fossil Coniferae  evidently allied to the juniper.
Junk,A fragment of any solid substance; a thick piece. See Chunk.
Junkerism,The principles of the aristocratic party in Prussia.
Junket,A cheese cake; a sweetmeat; any delicate food.
Junketed,of Junket
Junketing,of Junket
Junketries,Sweetmeats.
Junos,of June
Juntas,of Junta
Juntos,of Junto
Junartie,Jeopardy.
Jupe,Same as Jupon.
Jupon,Alt. of Juppon
Jura,1. A range of mountains between France and Switzerland.
Jural,Pertaining to natural or positive right.
Juramenta,of Juramentum
Juramentum,An oath.
Juratory,Relating to or comprising an oath; as  juratory caution.
Jurdiccion,Jurisdiction.
Jurdon,Jordan.
Juridic,Alt. of Juridical
Juridically,In a juridical manner.
Jurisdictional,Of or pertaining to jurisdiction; as jurisdictional rights.
Jurisdictive,Having jurisdiction.
Jurisprudent,Understanding law; skilled in jurisprudence.
Jurisprudential,Of or pertaining to jurisprudence.
Juristic,Alt. of Juristical
Juror,A member of a jury; a juryman.
Jury,For temporary use; -- applied to a temporary contrivance.
Juries,of Jury
Jurymen,of Juryman
Juryman,One who is impaneled on a jury  or who serves as a juror.
Jury-rigged,Rigged for temporary service. See Jury  a.
Justiceable,Liable to trial in a court of justice.
Justicehood,Justiceship.
Justicement,Administration of justice; procedure in courts of justice.
Justicer,One who administers justice; a judge.
Justiceship,The office or dignity of a justice.
Justiciable,Proper to be examined in a court of justice.
Justiciar,Same as Justiciary.
Justiciary,An old name for the judges of the higher English courts.
Justico,Alt. of Justicoat
Justicoat,Formerly  a close coat or waistcoat with sleeves.
Justifiable,Capable of being justified  or shown to be just.
Justificative,Having power to justify; justificatory.
Justificator,One who justifies or vindicates; a justifier.
Justificatory,Vindicatory; defensory; justificative.
Justified,of Justify
Justifying,of Justify
Justled,of Justle
Justling,of Justle
Jutted,of Jut
Jutting,of Jut
Jutlander,A native or inhabitant of Jutland in Denmark.
Jutlandish,Of or pertaining to Jutland  or to the people of Jutland.
Jutty,A projection in a building; also  a pier or mole; a jetty.
Juvenal,A youth.
Juvenescence,A growing young.
Juvenescent,Growing or becoming young.
Juvenile,Young; youthful; as  a juvenile appearance.
Juvenileness,The state or quality of being juvenile; juvenility.
Juvenilities,of Juvenility
Juvenility,Youthfulness; adolescence.
Juwansa,The camel's thorn. See under Camel.
Juwise,Same as Juise.
Juxtapose,To place in juxtaposition.
Juxtaposited,of Juxtaposit
Juxtapositing,of Juxtaposit
Juxtaposit,To place in close connection or contiguity; to juxtapose.
Junold,See Gimmal.
Kaama,The hartbeest.
Kabala,See Cabala.
Kabassou,See Cabassou.
Kabob,See Cabob  n. & v. t.
Kabook,A clay ironstone found in Ceylon.
Kabyle,A Berber  as in Algiers or Tunis. See Berber.
Kadder,The jackdaw.
Kadi,Alt. of Kadiaster
Kadiaster,A Turkish judge. See Cadi.
Kaffir,Alt. of Kafir
Kaffle,See Coffle.
Kafilah,See Cafila.
Kaftan,See Caftan.
Kage,A chantry chapel inclosed with lattice or screen work.
Kaguan,The colugo.
Kahani,A kind of notary public  or attorney in the Levant.
Kail,A kind of headless cabbage. Same as Kale  1.
Kaimacam,Same as Caimacam.
Kainit,Salts of potassium used in the manufacture of fertilizers.
Kainozoic,See Cenozoic.
Kaique,See Caique.
Kakistocracy,Government by the worst men.
Kakoxene,See Cacoxene.
Kalan,The sea otter.
Kaleidophon,Alt. of Kaleidophone
Kaleidoscopic,Alt. of Kaleidoscopical
Kaleidoscopical,Of  pertaining to or formed by a kaleidoscope; variegated.
Kalendar,See Calendar.
Kalendarial,See Calendarial.
Kalender,See 3d Calender.
Kalends,Same as Calends.
Kalif,See Caliph.
Kaliform,Formed like kali  or glasswort.
Kaligenous,Forming alkalies with oxygen  as some metals.
Kalium,Potassium; -- so called by the German chemists.
Kalki,The name of Vishnu in his tenth and last avatar.
Kalmuck,See Calmucks.
Kalong,A fruit bat  esp. the Indian edible fruit bat (Pteropus edulis).
Kaloyer,See Caloyer.
Kalsomine,Same as Calcimine.
Kam,Crooked; awry.
Kame,A low ridge.
Kamsin,Alt. of Khamsin
Khamsin,A hot southwesterly wind in Egypt  coming from the Sahara.
Kamtschadales,An aboriginal tribe inhabiting the southern part of Kamtschatka.
Kan,To know; to ken.
Kanacka,Alt. of Kanaka
Kanaka,A native of the Sandwich Islands.
Kand,Fluor spar; -- so called by Cornish miners.
Kantianism,Alt. of Kantism
Kantism,The doctrine or theory of Kant; the Kantian philosophy.
Kantist,A disciple or follower of Kant.
Kanttry,Same as Cantred.
Kaolin,Alt. of Kaoline
Kaolinization,The process by which feldspar is changed into kaolin.
Kaolinize,To convert into kaolin.
Kapellmeister,See Capellmeister.
Kapia,The fossil resin of the kauri tree of New Zealand.
Kapnomar,) See Capnomor.
Karagane,A species of gray fox found in Russia.
Karaism,Doctrines of the Karaites.
Karmathian,One of a Mohammedan sect founded in the ninth century by Karmat.
Karn,A pile of rocks; sometimes  the solid rock. See Cairn.
Karroos,of Karreo
Karstenite,Same as Anhydrite.
Karvel,See Carvel  and Caravel.
Kasack,Same as Cossack.
Kate,The brambling finch.
Kathetometer,Same as Cathetometer.
Kavasses,of Kavass
Kavass,An armed constable; also  a government servant or courier.
Kaw,See Caw.
Kawn,An inn.
Kayaker,One who uses a kayak.
Kayko,The dog salmon.
Kayles,A game; ninepins.
Kaynard,A lazy or cowardly person; a rascal.
Kecked,of Keck
Kecking,of Keck
Keck,To heave or to retch  as in an effort to vomit.
Keckle,See Keck  v. i. & n.
Keckled,of Keckle
Keckling,of Keckle
Kecklish,Inclined to vomit; squeamish.
Kecksies,of Kecksy
Kecky,Resembling a kecksy.
Kedged,of Kedge
Kedging,of Kedge
Kedger,A small anchor; a kedge.
Kedlook,See Charlock.
Kee,See Kie  Ky and Kine.
Keech,A mass or lump of fat rolled up by the butcher.
Keel,To cool; to skim or stir.
Keeled,of Keel
Keeling,of Keel
Keelfat,A cooler; a vat for cooling wort  etc.
Keelhauled,of Keelhaul
Keelhauling,of Keelhaul
Keelivine,A pencil of black or red lead; -- called also keelyvine pen.
men,of Keelman
Keelman,See Keeler  1.
Keelrake,Same as Keelhaul.
Keels,Ninepins. See Kayles.
Keelvat,See Keelfat.
Keener,A professional mourner who wails at a funeral.
Keenly,In a keen manner.
Keenness,The quality or state of being keen.
Kept,of Keep
Keeping,of Keep
Keep,To care; to desire.
Keepership,The office or position of a keeper.
Keesh,See Kish.
Keeve,A vat or tub in which the mash is made; a mash tub.
Keeved,of Keeve
Keeving,of Keeve
Keever,See Keeve  n.
Keffe-kil,See Kiefekil.
Keg,A small cask or barrel.
Keir,See Kier.
Keld,Having a kell or covering; webbed.
Kele,To cool.
Kell,A kiln.
Kelotomy,See Celotomy.
Kelpies,of Kelpy
Kelpie,Alt. of Kelpy
Kelpware,Same as Kelp  2.
Kelson,See Keelson.
Kelt,See Kilt  n.
Kelter,Regular order or proper condition.
Keltic,Same as Celtic  a. & n.
Kembed,of Kemb
Kempt,of Kemb
Kembing,of Kemb
Kemb,To comb.
Kemelin,A tub; a brewer's vessel.
Kemp,Alt. of Kempty
Kempty,Coarse  rough hair wool or fur injuring its quality.
Kempe,Rough; shaggy.
Ken,A house; esp.  one which is a resort for thieves.
Kenned,of Ken
Kenning,of Ken
Kendal green,Alt. of Kendal
Kenneled,of Kennel
Kennelled,of Kennel
Kennelling,of Kennel
Kennel coal,See Cannel coal.
Kenogenetic,Of or pertaining to kenogenesis; as  kenogenetic processes.
Kenspeckle,Having so marked an appearance as easily to be recognized.
Kentle,A hundred weight; a quintal.
Kentledge,Pigs of iron used for ballast.
Kentucky,One of the United States.
Keramic,Same as Ceramic.
Keramics,Same as Ceramics.
Kerana,A kind of long trumpet  used among the Persians.
Kerargyrite,See Cerargyrite.
Kerasine,Resembling horn; horny; corneous.
Keratitis,Inflammation of the cornea.
Keratode,See Keratose.
Keratoidea,Same as Keratosa.
Keratophyte,A gorgonian coral having a horny axis.
Kerb,See Curb.
Kerbstone,See Curbstone.
Kercher,A kerchief.
Kerchered,Covered  or bound round with a kercher.
Kerchiefs,of Kerchief
Kerchiefed,Alt. of Kerchieft
Kerchieft,Dressed; hooded; covered; wearing a kerchief.
Kerl,See Carl.
Kermesse,See Kirmess.
Kerned,of Kern
Kerning,of Kern
Kerneled,of Kernel
Kernelled,of Kernel
Kerneling,of Kernel
Kernelling,of Kernel
Kernelly,Full of kernels; resembling kernels; of the nature of kernels.
Kerish,Clownish; boorish.
Kerolite,Same as Cerolite.
Kers,Alt. of Kerse
Kerse,A cress.
Kerseys,of Kersey
Kerseymere,See Cassimere.
Kerseynette,See Cassinette.
Kerve,To carve.
Kerver,A carver.
Kesar,See Kaiser.
Keslop,The stomach of a calf  prepared for rennet.
Kess,To kiss.
Kest,of Cast.
Ket,Carrion; any filth.
Ketchup,A sauce. See Catchup.
Ketonic,Pertaining to  or derived from a ketone; as a ketonic acid.
Kettledrummer,One who plays on a kettledrum.
Kevel,A strong cleat to which large ropes are belayed.
Kevin,The gazelle.
Kever,i. To cover.
Keverchief,A kerchief.
Kex,A weed; a kecksy.
Keved,of Key
Keying,of Key
Keyage,Wharfage; quayage.
Key-cold,Cold as a metallic key; lifeless.
Keyhole,A hole or apertupe in a door or lock  for receiving a key.
Keyseat,To form a key seat  as by cutting. See Key seat under Key.
Key tone,See Keynote.
Keyway,See Key way  under Key.
Khaliff,See Caliph.
Khanate,Dominion or jurisdiction of a khan.
Khenna,See Henna.
Kholah,The Indian jackal.
Kholsun,The dhole.
Kiabooca wood,See Kyaboca wood.
Kiang,The dziggetai.
Kibble,To bruise; to grind coarsely; as  kibbled oats.
Kibitkas,of Kibitka
Kibitka,A tent used by the Kirghiz Tartars.
Kiblah,See Keblah.
Kiby,Affected with kibes.
Kichil,See Kechil.
Kicred,of Kick
Kicking,of Kick
Kickable,Capable or deserving of being kicked.
Kicker,One who  or that which kicks.
Kickshaw,See Kickshaws  the correct singular.
Kickshawses,of Kickshaws
Kickshaws,Something fantastical; any trifling  trumpery thing; a toy.
Kickshoe,A kickshaws.
Kicksy-wicksy,Alt. of Kicky-wisky
Kicky-wisky,That which is restless and uneasy.
Kickup,The water thrush or accentor.
Kid,A young goat.
Kidded,of Kid
Kidding,of Kid
Kidde,of Kythe.
Kiddier,A huckster; a cadger.
Kiddle,A kind of basketwork wear in a river  for catching fish.
Kiddow,The guillemot.
Kiddy,To deceive; to outwit; to hoax.
Kiddyish,Frolicsome; sportive.
Kidfox,A young fox.
Kidling,A young kid.
Kidnaped,of Kidnap
Kidnapped,of Kidnap
Kidnaping,of Kidnap
Kidnapping,of Kidnap
Kidnaper,Alt. of Kidnapper
Kidneys,of Kidney
Kidney-form,Alt. of Kidney-shaped
Kidneywort,A kind of saxifrage (Saxifrage stellaris).
Kie,Kine; cows.
Kiefekil,A species of clay; meerschaum.
Kieve,See Keeve  n.
Kike,To gaze; to stare.
Kill,A kiln.
Killed,of Kill
Killing,of Kill
Killdee,Alt. of Killdeer
Killdeer,A small American plover (Aegialitis vocifera).
Killer,One who deprives of life; one who  or that which kills.
Killesse,A gutter  groove or channel.
Killigrew,The Cornish chough. See under Chough.
Killikinick,See Kinnikinic.
Kill-joy,One who causes gloom or grief; a dispiriting person.
Killow,An earth of a blackish or deep blue color.
Kiln-dry,To dry in a kiln; as  to kiln-dry meal or grain.
Kilnhole,The mouth or opening of an oven or kiln.
Kilos,of Kilo
Kilo,An abbreviation of Kilogram.
Kilogram,Alt. of Kilogramme
Kilogrammeter,Alt. of Kilogrammetre
Kiloliter,Alt. of Kilolitre
Kilometer,Alt. of Kilometre
Kilowatt,One thousand watts.
Kilt,p. p. from Kill.
Kilted,of Kilt
Kilting,of Kilt
Kilter,See Kelter.
Kimbo,Crooked; arched; bent.
Kimmerian,See Cimmerian.
Kimnel,A tub. See Kemelin.
Kimry,See Cymry.
kin,A diminutive suffix; as  manikin; lambkin.
Kinaesodic,Kinesodic.
Kinaesthesis,The perception attendant upon the movements of the muscles.
Kinate,See Quinate.
Kincob,India silk brocaded with flowers in silver or gold.
Kindergartner,One who teaches in a kindergarten.
Kind-heartedness,The state or quality of being kind-hearted; benevolence.
Kindle,To bring forth young.
Kindled,of Kindle
Kindling,of Kindle
Kindler,One who  or that which kindles stirs up or sets on fire.
Kindless,Destitute of kindness; unnatural.
Kindliness,Natural inclination; natural course.
Kindly,According to the kind or nature; natural.
Kindred,Relationship by birth or marriage; consanguinity; affinity; kin.
Kinematic,Alt. of Kinematical
Kinematical,Of or pertaining to kinematics.
Kinepox,See Cowpox.
Kinesipathy,See Kinesiatrics.
Kinesitherapy,See Kinesiatrics.
Kinetic,Moving or causing motion; motory; active  as opposed to latent.
Kinetics,See Dynamics.
Kinged,of King
Kinging,of King
Kingcup,The common buttercup.
Kingdomed,Having a kingdom or the dignity of a king; like a kingdom.
Kinghood,The state of being a king; the attributes of a king; kingship.
Kingless,Having no king.
Kinglet,A little king; a weak or insignificant king.
Kinglihood,King-liness.
Kingliness,The state or quality of being kingly.
Kingling,Same as Kinglet  1.
Kingship,The state  office or dignity of a king; royalty.
Kingston,Alt. of Kingstone
Kingstone,The black angel fish. See Angel fish  under Angel.
Kingtruss,A truss  framed with a king-post; -- used in roofs bridges etc.
Kinic,See Quinic.
Kinked,of Kink
Kinking,of Kink
Kinkhaust,Whooping cough.
Kinkle,Same as 3d Kink.
Kinky,Full of kinks; liable to kink or curl; as  kinky hair.
Kinone,See Quinone.
Kinoyl,See Quinoyl.
Kinrede,Kindred.
Kinship,Family relationship.
Kinsmen,of Kinsman
Kinsman,A man of the same race or family; one related by blood.
Kinsmanship,Kinship.
Kinswomen,of Kinswoman
Kinswoman,A female relative.
Kintlidge,See Kentledge.
Kiosk,A Turkish open summer house or pavilion  supported by pillars.
Kipe,An osier basket used for catching fish.
Kipper,A salmon after spawning.
Kippered,of Kipper
Kippering,of Kipper
Kippernut,A name given to earthnuts of several kinds.
Kirked,Turned upward; bent.
Kirkmen,of Kirkman
Kirkman,A clergyman or officer in a kirk.
Kirkyard,A churchyard.
Kirsome,Christian; christened.
Kirtled,Wearing a kirtle.
Kismet,Destiny; fate.
Kissed,of Kiss
Kissing,of Kiss
Kisser,One who kisses.
Kist,A chest; hence  a coffin.
Kistvaen,A Celtic monument  commonly known as a dolmen.
Kitte,of Kit
Kit,To cut.
Kitchen,A cookroom; the room of a house appropriated to cookery.
Kitchener,A kitchen servant; a cook.
Kitchenmaid,A woman employed in the kitchen.
Kitchen-ry,The body of servants employed in the kitchen.
Kiteflier,See Kite  n. 6.
Kith,Acquaintance; kindred.
Kithara,See Cithara.
Kithe,See Kythe.
Kitish,Like or relating to a kite.
Kitling,A young kitten; a whelp.
Kittel,See Kittle  v. t.
Kitten,A young cat.
Kittened,of Kitten
Kittening,of Kitten
Kittenish,Resembling a kitten; playful; as  a kittenish disposition.
Kittle,To bring forth young  as a cat; to kitten; to litter.
Kittlish,Ticklish; kittle.
Kittysol,The Chinese paper parasol.
Kive,A mash vat. See Keeve.
Kiver,To cover.
Kivikivies,of Kiwikiwi
Kiwikiwies,of Kiwikiwi
Kivikivi,Alt. of Kiwikiwi
Kjoekken moeddings,See Kitchen middens.
Kleptomaniac,A person affected with kleptomania.
Klick,See Click.
Klinkstone,See Clinkstone.
Klinometer,See Clinometer.
Klipdas,Alt. of Klipdachs
Klipfish,Dried cod  exported from Norway.
Kloof,A glen; a ravine closed at its upper end.
Klopemania,See Kleptomania.
Knabbed,of Knab
Knabbing,of Knab
Knab,To seize with the teeth; to gnaw.
Knabble,To bite or nibble.
Knack,To crack; to make a sharp  abrupt noise to chink.
Knacker,One who makes knickknacks  toys etc.
Knackish,Trickish; artful.
Knack-kneed,See Knock-kneed.
Knacky,Having a knack; cunning; crafty; trickish.
Knag,A knot in wood; a protuberance.
Knagged,Full of knots; knaggy.
Knaggy,Knotty; rough; figuratively  rough in temper.
Knapped,of Knap
Knapping,of Knap
Knapbottle,The bladder campion (Silene inflata).
Knappish,Snappish; peevish.
Knapple,To break off with an abrupt  sharp noise; to bite; to nibble.
Knappy,Having knaps; full of protuberances or humps; knobby.
Knar,See Gnar.
Knarl,A knot in wood. See Gnarl.
Knarled,Knotted. See Gnarled.
Knarred,Knotty; gnarled.
Knarry,Knotty; gnarled.
Knave,A boy; especially  a boy servant.
Knaveries,of Knavery
Knavess,A knavish woman.
Knavishly,In a knavish manner; dishonestly; fraudulently.
KNavishness,The quality or state of being knavish; knavery; dishonesty.
Knaw,See Gnaw.
Knawel,A low  spreading weed (Scleranthus annuus) common in sandy soil.
Kneaded,of Knead
Kneading,of Knead
Kneadable,That may be kneaded; capable of being worked into a mass.
Kneader,One who kneads.
Kneadingly,In the manner of one kneading.
Kneck,The twisting of a rope or cable  as it is running out.
Knee,In man  the joint in the middle part of the leg.
Kneecap,The kneepan.
Knee-crooking,Obsequious; fawning; cringing.
Knee-deep,Rising to the knees; knee-high; as  water or snow knee-deep.
Kneejoint,The joint of the knee.
Kneejointed,Geniculate; kneed. See Kneed  a. 2.
Knelt,of Kneel
Kneeled,of Kneel
Kneeling,of Kneel
Kneeler,One who kneels or who worships by or while kneeling.
Kneelingly,In a kneeling position.
Knelled,of Knell
Knelling,of Knell
Knew,of Know.
Knickerbockers,The name for a style of short breeches; smallclothes.
Knickknack,A trifle or toy; a bawble; a gewgaw.
Knickknackatory,A collection of knickknacks.
Knickknackery,Knickknacks.
Knives,of Knife
Knifed,of Knife
Knifing,of Knife
Knifeboard,A board on which knives are cleaned or polished.
Knight,A young servant or follower; a military attendant.
Knighted,of Knight
Knighting,of Knight
Knightage,To body of knights  taken collectively.
Knights bachelors,of Knight bachelor
Knights bannerets,of Knight banneret
Knight baro-net,See Baronet.
Knight-errants,of Knight-errant
Knights-errant,of Knight-errant
Knight-errantries,of Knight-errantry
Knight-er-ratic,Pertaining to a knight-errant or to knight-errantry.
Knighthead,A bollard timber. See under Bollard.
Knightless,Unbecoming a knight.
Knightliness,The character or bearing suitable for a knight; chivalry.
Knights Templars,of Knight Templar
Knight Templar,See Commandery  n. 3 and also Templar n. 1 and 3.
Knit,of Knit
Knitted,of Knit
Knitting,of Knit
Knitback,The plant comfrey; -- so called from its use as a restorative.
Knitch,Alt. of Knitchet
Knitchet,A number of things tied or knit together; a bundle; a fagot.
Knits,Small particles of ore.
Knitster,A woman who knits.
Knittle,A string that draws together a purse or bag.
Knobber,See Knobbler.
Knobbing,Rough dressing by knocking off knobs or projections.
Knobbler,The hart in its second year; a young deer.
Knobbling fire,A bloomery fire. See Bloomery.
Knobby,Full of  or covered with knobs or hard protuberances.
Knobstick,One who refuses to join  or withdraws from a trades union.
Knocked,of Knock
Knocking,of Knock
Knockdown,A felling by a knock  as of a combatant or of an animal.
Knockings,Large lumps picked out of the sieve  in dressing ore.
Knock-kneed,Having the legs bent inward so that the knees touch in walking.
Knockstone,A block upon which ore is broken up.
Knolled,of Knoll
Knolling,of Knoll
Knoller,One who tolls a bell.
Knop,A knob; a bud; a bunch; a button.
Knopped,Having knops or knobs; fastened as with buttons.
Knopweed,Same as Knapweed.
Knor,See Knur.
Knosp,Same as Knop 2.
Knotted,of Knot
Knotting,of Knot
Knotless,Free from knots; without knots.
Knottiness,The quality or state of being knotty or full of knots.
Knotweed,See Knot/rass.
Know,Knee.
Known,of Know
Knowing,of Know
Knowa bleness,The state or quality of being knowable.
Knower,One who knows.
Knowleche,See Knowl  edge.
Knowleching,Knowledge.
Know-nothingism,The doctrines  principles or practices of the Know-nothings.
Knubs,Waste silk formed in winding off the threads from a cocoon.
Knuckled,of Knuckle
Knuckling,of Knuckle
Knuff,A lout; a clown.
Knur,A knurl.
Knurled,Full of knots; gnarled.
Knurry,Full of knots.
Koaita,Same as Coaita.
Kob,Alt. of Koba
Kobalt,See Cobalt.
Kodak,A kind of portable camera.
Koff,A two-masted Dutch vessel.
Kohinoor,Alt. of Kohnur
Kohl-rabies,of Kohl-rabi
Kokama,The gemsbok.
Kokoon,The gnu.
Kon,To know. See Can  and Con.
Konite,See Conite.
Kookoom,The oryx or gemsbok.
Koolslaa,See Coleslaw.
Koord,See Kurd.
Koordish,See Kurdish.
Koorilian,Same as Kurilian.
Korin,The gazelle.
Kosmos,See Cosmos.
Kotowed,of Kotow
Kotowing,of Kotow
Kowtow,The same as Kotow.
Krakowiak,A lively Polish dance. See Cracovienne.
Krang,The carcass of a whale after the blubber has been removed.
Kranging hook,A hook for holding the blubber while cutting it away.
Kreatic,See Creatic.
Kreatin,See Creatin.
Kreatinin,See Creatinin.
Kreel,See Creel.
Krems,A variety of white lead. See Krems lead  under Lead n.
Kreng,See Krang.
Kreosote,See Creosote.
Kriegsspiel,A game of war  played for practice on maps.
Kris,A Malay dagger. See Creese.
Kritarchy,The rule of the judges over Israel.
Krokidolite,See Crocidolite.
Kroomen,of Krooman
Kruller,See Cruller.
Krummhorn,Alt. of Krumhorn
Kryolite,See Cryolite.
Ksar,See Czar.
Kshatriya,Alt. of Kshatruya
Kuda,The East Indian tapir. See Tapir.
Kudos,Glory; fame; renown; praise.
Kudu,See Koodoo.
Kufic,See Cufic.
Kukang,The slow lemur. See Lemur.
Kulan,See Koulan.
Kumish,Alt. of Kumiss
Kumiss,See Koumiss.
Kupfernickel,Copper-nickel; niccolite. See Niccolite.
Kurdish,Of or pertaining to the Kurds.
Kuskus,See Vetiver.
Kutauss,The India civet (Viverra zibetha).
Ky,Kine.
Kyaboca wood,Amboyna wood.
Kyannite,See Cyanite.
Kyanized,of Kyanize
Kyanizing,of Kyanize
Kyanol,Aniline.
Kyanophyll,Same as Cyanophyll.
Kyar,Cocoanut fiber  or the cordage made from it. See Coir.
Kyaw,A daw.
Kyd,p. p. of Kythe.
Kydde,imp. of Kythe  to show.
Kyke,To look steadfastly; to gaze.
Kyley,A variety of the boomerang.
Kyloes,The cattle of the Hebrides  or of the Highlands.
Kymnel,See Kimnel.
Kymographic,Of or pertaining to a kymograph; as  a kymographic tracing.
Kymric,See Cymric  a. & n.
Kymry,See Cymry.
Kynrede,Kindred.
Kyrie,See Kyrie eleison.
Kyrielle,A litany beginning with the words.
Kyriolexy,Alt. of Kyriology
Kythed,of Kithe
Kything,of Kithe
Kythe,Alt. of Kithe
Kytomiton,See Karyomiton.
Kytoplasma,See Karyoplasma.
Laas,A lace. See Lace.
Lab,To prate; to gossip; to babble; to blab.
Labara,of Labarum
Labdanum,See Ladanum.
Labefy,To weaken or impair.
Label,A tassel.
Labeled,of Label
Labelled,of Label
Labeling,of Label
Labelling,of Label
Labeler,One who labels.
Labella,of Labellum
Labellums,of Labellum
Labent,Slipping; sliding; gliding.
Labia,See Labium.
Labial,Of or pertaining to the lips or labia; as  labial veins.
Labialize,To modify by contraction of the lip opening.
Labially,In a labial manner; with  or by means of the lips.
Labiate,To labialize.
Labiated,Same as Labiate  a. (a).
Labiatifloral,Alt. of Labiatifloral
Labile,Liable to slip  err fall or apostatize.
Lability,Liability to lapse  err or apostatize.
Labimeter,See Labidometer.
Labionasal,Formed by the lips and the nose.
Labipalpi,of Labipalpus
Labipalpus,One of the labial palpi of an insect. See Illust. under Labium.
Labiums,of Labium
Labium,A lip  or liplike organ.
Labored,of Labor
Laboring,of Labor
Laborant,A chemist.
Laboratories,of Laboratory
Laboredly,In a labored manner; with labor.
Laborious,Requiring labor  perseverance or sacrifices; toilsome; tiresome.
Laborless,Not involving labor; not laborious; easy.
Laborous,Laborious.
Laborsome,Made with  or requiring great labor pains or diligence.
Labras,Lips.
Labrose,Having thick lips.
Labra,of Labrum
Labrums,of Labrum
Labrum,A lip or edge  as of a basin.
Labri,of Labrus
Laburnic,Of  pertaining to or derived from the laburnum.
Laburnine,A poisonous alkaloid found in the unripe seeds of the laburnum.
Labyrinthian,Intricately winding; like a labyrinth; perplexed; labyrinthal.
Labyrinthibranch,Of or pertaining to the Labyrinthici.
Labyrinthic,Alt. of Labyrinthical
Labyrinthical,Like or pertaining to a labyrinth.
Labyrinthiform,Having the form of a labyrinth; intricate.
Labyrinthine,Pertaining to  or like a labyrinth; labyrinthal.
Labyrinthodont,Of or pertaining to the Labyrinthodonta.
Lac,Alt. of Lakh
Laccic,Pertaining to lac  or produced from it; as laccic acid.
Laccin,A yellow amorphous substance obtained from lac.
Laccolite,Alt. of Laccolith
Laced,of Lace
Lacing,of Lace
Lacemen,of Laceman
Laceman,A man who deals in lace.
Lacerable,That can be lacerated or torn.
Lacerated,of Lacerate
Lacerating,of Lacerate
Laceration,The act of lacerating.
Lacert,A muscle of the human body.
Lacerta,A fathom.
Lacertian,Like a lizard; of or pertaining to the Lacertilia.
Lacertilia,An order of Reptilia  which includes the lizards.
Lacertilian,Same as Lacertian.
Lacertiloid,Like or belonging to the Lacertilia.
Lacertine,Lacertian.
Lacerti,of Lacertus
Lacertus,A bundle or fascicle of muscular fibers.
Laches,Alt. of Lache
Lachrymable,Lamentable.
Lachrymae Christi,A rich  sweet red Neapolitan wine.
Lachrymal,Of or pertaining to tears; as  lachrymal effusions.
Lacrymal,Alt. of Lacrymal
Lachrymary,Containing  or intended to contain tears; lachrymal.
Lachrymate,To weep.
Lachrymation,The act of shedding tears; weeping.
ries,of Lachrymatory
Lachrymiform,Having the form of a tear; tear-shaped.
Laciniae,of Lacinia
Laciniate,Alt. of Laciniated
Laciniated,Fringed; having a fringed border.
Laciniolate,Consisting of  or abounding in very minute laciniae.
Lacinulae,of Lacinula
Lacinulas,of Lacinula
Lacinula,A diminutive lacinia.
Lack,Blame; cause of blame; fault; crime; offense.
Lacked,of Lack
Lacking,of Lack
Lackadaisical,Affectedly pensive; languidly sentimental.
Lackadaisy,An expression of languor.
Lackbrain,One who is deficient in understanding; a witless person.
Lacker,One who lacks or is in want.
Lackeys,of Lackey
Lackey,An attending male servant; a footman; a servile follower.
Lackeyed,of Lackey
Lackeying,of Lackey
Lackluster,Alt. of Lacklustre
Lacklustre,A want of luster.
Lacmus,See Litmus.
Laconic,Alt. of Laconical
Laconically,In a laconic manner.
LaconIcism,Same as Laconism.
Laconism,A vigorous  brief manner of expression; laconic style.
Laconized,of Laconize
Laconizing,of Laconize
Lacquered,of Lacquer
Lacquering,of Lacquer
Lacrymary,Alt. of Lacrymose
Lacrytory,Alt. of Lacrymose
Lacrymose,See Lachrymary  Lachrymatory Lachrymose.
Lactant,Suckling; giving suck.
Lactarene,A preparation of casein from milk  used in printing calico.
Lactary,Milky; full of white juice like milk.
Lactate,A salt of lactic acid.
Lacteal,Pertaining to  or resembling milk; milky; as the lacteal fluid.
Lacteally,Milkily; in the manner of milk.
Lactean,Milky; consisting of  or resembling milk.
Lacteous,Milky; resembling milk.
Lacteously,In a lacteous manner; after the manner of milk.
Lactescent,Having a milky look; becoming milky.
Lactific,Alt. of Lactifical
Lactifical,Producing or yielding milk.
Lactin,See Lactose.
Lactonic,Of  pertaining to or derived from lactone.
Lactory,Lactiferous.
Lactyl,An organic residue or radical derived from lactic acid.
Lacunae,of Lacuna
Lacunas,of Lacuna
Lacunal,Alt. of Lacunar
Lacunar,Pertaining to  or having lacunae; as a lacunar circulation.
Lacunars,of Lacunar
Lacunaria,of Lacunar
Lacune,A lacuna.
Lacunose,Alt. of Lacunous
Lacustral,Alt. of Lacustrine
Lad,p. p. of Lead  to guide.
Ladde,of Lead  to guide.
Laddie,A lad; a male sweetheart.
Laded,of Lade
Lading,of Lade
Lademan,One who leads a pack horse; a miller's servant.
Laden,Loaded; freighted; burdened; as  a laden vessel; a laden heart.
Ladied,Ladylike; not rough; gentle.
Ladify,To make a lady of; to make ladylike.
Ladinos,of Ladino
Ladkin,A little lad.
Ladled,of Ladle
Ladling,of Ladle
Ladlefuls,of Ladleful
Ladleful,A quantity sufficient to fill a ladle.
Ladrone,A robber; a pirate; hence  loosely a rogue or rascal.
Ladies,of Lady
Ladybug,Same as Ladybird.
Ladyclock,See Ladyrird.
Ladyhood,The state or quality of being a lady; the personality of a lady.
Lady-killer,A gallant who captivates the hearts of women.
Lady-killing,The art or practice of captivating the hearts of women.
Ladylike,Like a lady in appearance or manners; well-bred.
Ladylikeness,The quality or state of being ladylike.
Ladylove,A sweetheart or mistress.
Lady's bower,A climbing plant with fragrant blossoms (Clematis vitalba).
Lady's cushion,An herb growing in dense tufts; the thrift (Armeria vulgaris).
Lady's finger,The kidney vetch.
Lady's garters,Ribbon grass.
Lady's laces,A slender climbing plant; dodder.
Lady's looking-glass,See Venus's looking-glass  under Venus.
Lady's seal,The European Solomon's seal (Polygonatum verticillatum).
Lady's smock,A plant of the genus Cardamine (C. pratensis); cuckoo flower.
Lady's thimble,The harebell.
Lady's traces,Alt. of Ladies' tresses
Laemmergeyer,See Lammergeir.
Laemodipod,One of the Laemodipoda.
Laemodipodous,Of or pertaining to the Laemodipoda.
Laevigate,Having a smooth surface  as if polished.
Laevo-,A prefix. See Levo.
Laevorotatory,Same as Levorotatory. Cf. Dextrorotatory.
Laevulose,See Levulose.
Lafayette,The dollar fish.
Laft,p. p. of Leave.
Lafte,imp. of Leave.
Lag,Coming tardily after or behind; slow; tardy.
Lagged,of Lag
Lagging,of Lag
Lagan,See Ligan.
Lagarto,An alligator.
Lagenae,of Lagena
Lagenas,of Lagena
Lageniform,Shaped like a bottle or flask; flag-shaped.
Lager,Lager beer.
Lager wine,Wine which has been kept for some time in the cellar.
Laggard,Slow; sluggish; backward.
Lagger,A laggard.
Laggingly,In a lagging manner; loiteringly.
Lagly,Laggingly.
Lagomorph,One of the Lagomorpha.
Lagophthalmia,Alt. of Lagophthalmos
Lagopous,Having a dense covering of long hair  like the foot of a hare.
Lagune,See Lagoon.
Laic,Alt. of Laical
Laical,Of or pertaining to a layman or the laity.
Laid,of Lay.
Laidly,Ugly; loathsome.
Lain,of Lie  v. i.
Lainere,See Lanier.
Lairdship,The state of being a laird; an estate; landed property.
Laism,See Lamaism.
Lakao,Sap green.
Lake-dweller,See Lake dwellers  under Lake.
Lakelet,A little lake.
Lakin,See Ladykin.
Lakke,See Lack.
Laky,Pertaining to a lake.
Lammed,of Lam
Lamming,of Lam
Lam,To beat soundly; to thrash.
Lama,See Llama.
Lamaic,Of or pertaining to Lamaism.
Lamaist,Alt. of Lamaite
Lamaite,One who believes in Lamaism.
Lamaistic,Of or pertaining to Lamaism.
Lamantin,The manatee.
Lamarckian,Pertaining to  or involved in the doctrines of Lamarckianism.
Lamarckianism,Lamarckism.
Lamasery,A monastery or convent of lamas  in Thibet Mongolia etc.
Lamb,The young of the sheep.
Lambed,of Lamb
Lambing,of Lamb
Lambale,A feast at the time of shearing lambs.
Lambaste,To beat severely.
Lambative,Taken by licking with the tongue.
Lambdoidal,Same as Lambdoid.
Lambent,Playing on the surface; touching lightly; gliding over.
Lambkin,A small lamb.
Lamblike,Like a lamb; gentle; meek; inoffensive.
Lamboys,Same as Base  n. 19.
Lambskinnet,See Lansquenet.
Lamdoidal,Lambdoid.
Lamed,of Lame
Laming,of Lame
Lamel,See Lamella.
Lamellae,of Lamella
Lamellas,of Lamella
Lamellar,Flat and thin; lamelliform; composed of lamellae.
Lamellarly,In thin plates or scales.
Lamellary,Of or pertaining to lamella or to lamellae; lamellar.
Lamellate,Alt. of Lamellated
Lamellibranch,One of the Lamellibranchia. Also used adjectively.
Lamellibranchia,Alt. of Lamellibranchiata
Lamellibranchiate,Having lamellar gills; belonging to the Lamellibranchia.
Lamelliform,Thin and flat; scalelike; lamellar.
Lamellirostral,Having a lamellate bill  as ducks and geese.
Lamellose,Composed of  or having lamellae; lamelliform.
Lament,To express or feel sorrow; to weep or wail; to mourn.
Lamented,of Lament
Lamenting,of Lament
Lamenter,One who laments.
Lamentin,See Lamantin.
Lamentingly,In a lamenting manner.
Lametta,Foil or wire made of gold  silver or brass.
Laminae,of Lamina
Laminas,of Lamina
Laminability,The quality or state of being laminable.
Laminar,Alt. of Laminal
Laminarite,A broad-leafed fossil alga.
Laminary,Laminar.
Laminated,of Laminate
Laminating,of Laminate
Lamination,The process of laminating  or the state of being laminated.
Laminiferous,Having a structure consisting of laminae  or thin layers.
Lamish,Somewhat lame.
Lamm,See Lam.
Lammergeir,Alt. of Lammergeier
Lamnunguia,Same as Hyracoidea.
Lamp,A thin plate or lamina.
Lampad,A lamp or candlestick.
Lampadist,One who gained the prize in the lampadrome.
Lampate,A supposed salt of lampic acid.
Lamper eel,See Lamprey.
Lampern,The river lamprey (Ammocoetes  / Lampetra fluviatilis).
Lampers,See Lampas.
Lamping,Shining; brilliant.
Lamplight,Light from a lamp.
Lampooned,of Lampoon
Lampooning,of Lampoon
Lampooner,The writer of a lampoon.
Lampoonry,The act of lampooning; a lampoon  or lampoons.
Lamprel,See Lamprey.
Lampreys,of Lamprey
Lampron,See Lamprey.
Lampyris,A genus of coleopterous insects  including the glowworms.
Lanary,A place for storing wool.
Lanate,Alt. of Lanated
Lanated,Wooly; covered with fine long hair  or hairlike filaments.
Lanced,of Lance
Lancing,of Lance
Lancegay,Alt. of Lancegaye
Lancely,Like a lance.
Lanceolar,Lanceolate.
Lanceolate,Alt. of Lanceolated
Lanched,of Lanch
Lanching,of Lanch
Lanch,To throw  as a lance; to let fly; to launch.
Lanciferous,Bearing a lance.
Lanciform,Having the form of a lance.
Lancinated,of Lanciname
Lancinating,of Lanciname
Lanciname,To tear; to lacerate; to pierce or stab.
Lancination,A tearing; laceration.
Land,Urine. See Lant.
Landed,of Land
Landing,of Land
Landamman,A chief magistrate in some of the Swiss cantons.
Landaulet,A small landau.
Lander,One who lands  or makes a landing.
Landflood,An overflowing of land by river; an inundation; a freshet.
Landgraviate,The territory held by a landgrave.
Landgravine,The wife of a landgrave.
Landholder,A holder  owner or proprietor of land.
Landladies,of Landlady
Landleaper,See Landlouper.
Landless,Having no property in land.
Landlock,To inclose  or nearly inclose as a harbor or a vessel with land.
Landlocked,Inclosed  or nearly inclosed by land.
Landloper,Same as Landlouper.
Landlordry,The state of a landlord.
Landlouper,A vagabond; a vagrant.
Landlouping,Vagrant; wandering about.
Landmen,of Landman
Landman,A man who lives or serves on land; -- opposed to seaman.
Landowner,An owner of land.
Landowning,The owning of land.
Land-poor,Pecuniarily embarrassed through owning much unprofitable land.
Landscapist,A painter of landscapes.
Landskip,A landscape.
Landslip,Alt. of Landslide
Landslide,The slipping down of a mass of land from a mountain  hill etc.
Landsmen,of Landsman
Landsman,One who lives on the land; -- opposed to seaman.
Landstreight,A narrow strip of land.
Landtag,The diet or legislative body; as  the Landtag of Prussia.
Landwaiter,See Landing waiter  under Landing a.
Landward,Toward the land.
Lane,Alone.
Lang,Long.
Langate,A linen roller used in dressing wounds.
Langdak,A wolf (Canis pallipes)  found in India allied to the jackal.
Langrage,Alt. of Langrel
Langret,A kind of loaded die.
Langridge,See Langrage.
Langsyne,Long since; long ago.
Langteraloo,An old game at cards. See Loo (a).
Languaged,of Language
Languaging,of Language
Languageless,Lacking or wanting language; speechless; silent.
Langued,Tongued; having the tongue visible.
Languente,In a languishing manner; pathetically.
Languished,of Languish
Languishing,of Languish
Languisher,One who languishes.
Languishingly,In a languishing manner.
Languishment,The state of languishing.
Languishness,Languishment.
Langure,To languish.
Laniard,See Lanyard.
Laniariform,Shaped like a laniary  or canine tooth.
Laniary,Lacerating or tearing; as  the laniary canine teeth.
Laniate,To tear in pieces.
Laniation,A tearing in pieces.
Lanier,A thong of leather; a whip lash.
Laniferous,Bearing or producing wool.
Lanifical,Working in wool.
Lanifice,Anything made of wool.
Lanigerous,Bearing or producing wool.
Lanioid,Of or pertaining to the shrikes (family Laniidae).
Lankiness,The condition or quality or being lanky.
Lankly,In a lank manner.
Lankness,The state or quality of being lank.
Lanky,Somewhat lank.
Lanner,Alt. of Lanneret
Lant,Urine.
Lantanium,Alt. of Lantanum
Lantanum,See Lanthanum.
Lanterloo,An old name of loo (a).
Lanterned,of Lantern
Lanterning,of Lantern
Lanthanite,Hydrous carbonate of lanthanum  found in tabular while crystals.
Lanthorn,See Lantern.
Lanuginose,Alt. of Lanuginous
Lanuginous,Covered with down  or fine soft hair; downy.
Lanyer,See Lanier.
Laocoon,A priest of Apollo  during the Trojan war. (See 2.)
Lapped,of Lap
Lapping,of Lap
Laparocele,A rupture or hernia in the lumbar regions.
Lapdog,A small dog fondled in the lap.
Lapelled,Furnished with lapels.
Lapfuls,of Lapful
Lapful,As much as the lap can contain.
Lapicide,A stonecutter.
Lapidarious,Consisting of stones.
Lapidaries,of Lapidary
Lapidate,To stone.
Lapidation,The act of stoning.
Lapideous,Of the nature of stone.
Lapidescence,The state or quality of being lapidescent.
Lapidific,Alt. of Lapidifical
Lapidifical,Forming or converting into stone.
Lapidification,The act or process of lapidifying; fossilization; petrifaction.
Lapidified,of Lapidify
Lapidifying,of Lapidify
Lapidify,To convert into stone or stony material; to petrify.
Lapidist,A lapidary.
Lapillation,The state of being  or the act of making stony.
Lapides,of Lapis
Lapis,A stone.
Laplander,A native or inhabitant of Lapland; -- called also Lapp.
Laplandish,Of or pertaining to Lapland.
Lapp,Same as Laplander. Cf. Lapps.
Lappaceous,Resembling the capitulum of burdock; covered with forked points.
Lapper,One who takes up food or liquid with his tongue.
Lappeted,of Lappet
Lappeting,of Lappet
Lappic,Of or pertaining to Lapland  or the Lapps.
Lappish,Of or pertaining to the Lapps; Laplandish.
Lapponian,Alt. of Lapponic
Lapponic,Laplandish; Lappish.
Lapsable,Lapsible.
Lapsed,of Lapse
Lapsing,of Lapse
Lapsible,Liable to lapse.
Lapsided,See Lopsided.
Lapstone,A stone for the lap  on which shoemakers beat leather.
Lapstreak,Alt. of Lapstrake
Lapwork,Work in which one part laps over another.
Laguay,A lackey.
Laquearia,of Laquear
Laquear,A lacunar.
Laqueary,Using a noose  as a gladiator.
Lares,of Lar
Lars,of Lar
Larcener,Alt. of Larcenist
Larcenist,One who commits larceny.
Larcenies,of Larceny
Larchen,Of or pertaining to the larch.
Lard,Bacon; the flesh of swine.
Larded,of Lard
Larding,of Lard
Lardaceous,Consisting of  or resembling lard.
Larderer,One in charge of the larder.
Lardery,A larder.
Lardon,Alt. of Lardoon
Lardoon,A bit of fat pork or bacon used in larding.
Lardry,A larder.
Lare,Lore; learning.
Large-acred,Possessing much land.
Large-hearted,Having a large or generous heart or disposition; noble; liberal.
Largely,In a large manner.
Largeness,The quality or state of being large.
Largess,Alt. of Largesse
Largesse,Liberality; generosity; bounty.
Largifical,Generous; ample; liberal.
Largifluous,Flowing copiously.
Largiloquent,Grandiloquent.
Largish,Somewhat large.
Largition,The bestowment of a largess or gift.
Lariated,of Lariat
Lariating,of Lariat
Larine,Of or pertaining to the Gull family (Laridae).
Larixinic,Of  or derived from the larch (Larix); as larixinic acid.
Lark,A frolic; a jolly time.
Larked,of Lark
Larking,of Lark
Lark-colored,Having the sandy brown color of the European larks.
Larker,A catcher of larks.
Lark's-heel,Indian cress.
Larmier,See Tearpit.
Laroid,Like or belonging to the Gull family (Laridae).
Larruped,of Larrup
Larruping,of Larrup
Larrup,To beat or flog soundly.
Larry,Same as Lorry  or Lorrie.
Larum,See Alarum  and Alarm.
Larvae,of Larva
Larvas,of Larva
Larval,Of or pertaining to a larva.
Larvated,Masked; clothed as with a mask.
Larves,of Larve
Larve,A larva.
Larviform,Having the form or structure of a larva.
Lary,A guillemot; -- called also lavy.
Laryngean,See Laryngeal.
Laryngitis,Inflammation of the larynx.
Laryngological,Of or pertaining to laryngology.
Laryngologist,One who applies himself to laryngology.
Laryngoscopic,Of or pertaining to the inspection of the larynx.
Laryngoscopist,One skilled in laryngoscopy.
Laryngotome,An instrument for performing laryngotomy.
Las,A lace. See Lace.
Lascious,Loose; lascivious.
Lasciviency,Lasciviousness; wantonness.
Lascivient,Lascivious.
Lascivious,Wanton; lewd; lustful; as  lascivious men; lascivious desires.
Lashed,of Lash
Lashng,of Lash
Lasher,One who whips or lashes.
Lask,A diarrhea or flux.
Lasket,latching.
Lass,A youth woman; a girl; a sweetheart.
Lasse,Less.
Lassie,A young girl; a lass.
Lasslorn,Forsaken by a lass.
Lassos,of Lasso
Lassoed,of Lasso
Lassoing,of Lasso
Last,of Last  to endure contracted from lasteth.
Lasted,of Last
Lasting,of Last
Laste,of Last  to endure.
Lastery,A red color.
Lastly,In the last place; in conclusion.
Lat,To let; to allow.
Latch,To smear; to anoint.
Latched,of Latch
Latching,of Latch
Latchet,The string that fastens a shoe; a shoestring.
Lated,Belated; too late.
Lately,Not long ago; recently; as  he has lately arrived from Italy.
Latence,Latency.
Latency,The state or quality of being latent.
Latent,Not visible or apparent; hidden; springs of action.
Latently,In a secret or concealed manner; invisibly.
Lateres,of Later
Later,A brick or tile.
Laterality,The state or condition of being lateral.
Laterally,By the side; sidewise; toward  or from the side.
Latered,Inclined to delay; dilatory.
Lateritious,Like bricks; of the color of red bricks.
Latescence,A slight withdrawal from view or knowledge.
Latewake,See Lich wake  under Lich.
Lateward,Somewhat late; backward.
Laths,of Lath
Lathed,of Lath
Lathing,of Lath
Lather,Foam or froth made by soap moistened with water.
Lathered,of Lather
Lathering,of Lather
Lathereeve,Alt. of Lathreeve
Lathreeve,Formerly  the head officer of a lathe. See 1st Lathe.
Lathwork,Same as Lathing.
Lathy,Like a lath; long and slender.
Latibulized,of Latibulize
Latibulizing,of Latibulize
Latibula,of Latibulum
Latibulum,A concealed hiding place; a burrow; a lair; a hole.
Laticostate,Broad-ribbed.
Latidentate,Broad-toothed.
Latifoliate,Alt. of Latifolious
Latifolious,Having broad leaves.
Latimer,An interpreter. [Obs.] Coke.
Latinist,One skilled in Latin; a Latin scholar.
Latinitaster,One who has but a smattering of Latin.
Latinization,The act or process of Latinizing  as a word language or country.
Latinized,of Latinize
Latinizing,of Latinize
Latinly,In the manner of the Latin language; in correct Latin.
Lation,Transportation; conveyance.
Latirostral,Alt. of Latirostrous
Latirostrous,Having a broad beak.
Latish,Somewhat late.
Latitancy,Act or state of lying hid  or lurking.
Latitant,Lying hid; concealed; latent.
Latitation,A lying in concealment; hiding.
Latitudinal,Of or pertaining to latitude; in the direction of latitude.
Latitudinarian,Not restrained; not confined by precise limits.
Latitudinous,Having latitude  or wide extent.
Laton,Alt. of Latoun
Latoun,Latten  1.
Latrant,Barking.
Latrate,To bark as a dog.
Latration,A barking.
Latreutical,Acting as a hired servant; serving; ministering; assisting.
Latrine,A privy  or water-closet esp. in a camp hospital etc.
Latrociny,Theft; larceny.
Latterkin,A pointed wooden tool used in glazing leaden lattice.
Lattermath,The latter  or second mowing; the aftermath.
Latticed,of Lattice
Latticing,of Lattice
Latticework,Same as Lattice  n. 1.
Laud,High commendation; praise; honor; exaltation; glory.
Lauded,of Laud
Lauding,of Laud
Laudability,Laudableness; praiseworthiness.
Laudably,In a laudable manner.
Laudanum,Tincture of opium  used for various medical purposes.
Laudation,The act of lauding; praise; high commendation.
Laudative,Laudatory.
Laudator,One who lauds.
Lauder,One who lauds.
Laughed,of Laugh
Laughing,of Laugh
Laugher,One who laughs.
Laughingly,With laughter or merriment.
Laughingstock,An object of ridicule; a butt of sport.
Laughsome,Exciting laughter; also  addicted to laughter; merry.
Laughterless,Not laughing; without laughter.
Laughworthy,Deserving to be laughed at.
Launce,A lance.
Launcegaye,See Langegaye.
Launched,of Launch
Launching,of Launch
Launch,To throw  as a lance or dart; to hurl; to let fly.
Laund,A plain sprinkled with trees or underbrush; a glade.
Launder,A washerwoman.
Laundered,of Launder
Laundering,of Launder
Launderer,One who follows the business of laundering.
Laundress,A woman whose employment is laundering.
Laundries,of Laundry
Laundry,A laundering; a washing.
Laundrymen,of Laundryman
Laundryman,A man who follows the business of laundering.
Laurate,A salt of lauric acid.
Laureate,Crowned  or decked with laurel.
Laureated,of Laureate
Laureating,of Laureate
Laureateship,State  or office of a laureate.
Laureled,Crowned with laurel  or with a laurel wreath; laureate.
Laurer,Laurel.
Lauriferous,Producing  or bringing laurel.
Lauriol,Spurge laurel.
Laurone,The ketone of lauric acid.
Laus,Loose.
Lavatic,Like lava  or composed of lava; lavic.
Lavation,A washing or cleansing.
Lavatory,Washing  or cleansing by washing.
Lavatories,of Lavatory
Lavature,A wash or lotion.
Laved,of Lave
Laving,of Lave
Lave,To wash; to bathe; as  to lave a bruise.
Lave-eared,Having large  pendent ears.
Laveer,To beat against the wind; to tack.
Lavement,A washing or bathing; also  a clyster.
Laver,A vessel for washing; a large basin.
Laverock,The lark.
Lavic,See Lavatic.
Lavished,of Lavish
Lavishing,of Lavish
Lavisher,One who lavishes.
Lavishly,In a lavish manner.
Lavishment,The act of lavishing.
Lavishness,The quality or state of being lavish.
Lavolt,Alt. of Lavolta
Lavoltateer,A dancer of the lavolta.
Lavour,A laver.
Lavrock,Same as Laverock.
Lawbreaker,One who disobeys the law; a criminal.
Lawe,To cut off the claws and balls of  as of a dog's fore feet.
Lawer,A lawyer.
Lawful,Conformable to law; allowed by law; legitimate; competent.
Lawgiver,One who makes or enacts a law or system of laws; a legislator.
Lawgiving,Enacting laws; legislative.
Lawing,Going to law; litigation.
Lawmaker,A legislator; a lawgiver.
Lammaking,Enacting laws; legislative.
Lawmonger,A trader in law; one who practices law as if it were a trade.
Lawn,An open space between woods.
Lawnd,See Laund.
Lawny,Having a lawn; characterized by a lawn or by lawns; like a lawn.
Lawyerlike,Alt. of Lawyerly
Lawyerly,Like  or becoming a lawyer; as lawyerlike sagacity.
Laxative,Having a tendency to loosen or relax.
Laxativeness,The quality of being laxative.
Laxly,In a lax manner.
Laxness,The state of being lax; laxity.
Lay,of Lie  to recline.
Laying,of Lay
Layer,One who  or that which lays.
Layering,A propagating by layers.
Layland,Land lying untilled; fallow ground.
Laymen,of Layman
Layner,A whiplash.
Layship,The condition of being a layman.
Laystall,A place where rubbish  dung etc. are laid or deposited.
Lazaret,Alt. of Lazaretto
Lazarist,Alt. of Lazarite
Lazarlike,Alt. of Lazarly
Lazarly,Full of sores; leprous.
Lazaroni,See Lazzaroni.
Lazarwort,Laserwort.
Lazed,of Laze
Lazing,of Laze
Laze,To be lazy or idle.
Lazily,In a lazy manner.
Laziness,The state or quality of being lazy.
Lazyback,A support for the back  attached to the seat of a carriage.
Lazybones,A lazy person.
Leach,See 3d Leech.
Leached,of Leach
Leaching,of Leach
Leaded,of Lead
Leading,of Lead
Led,of Lead
Leaden,Made of lead; of the nature of lead; as  a leaden ball.
Leader,One who  or that which leads or conducts; a guide; a conductor.
Leadership,The office of a leader.
Leadmen,of Leadman
Leadman,One who leads a dance.
Leadsmen,of Leadsman
Leadsman,The man who heaves the lead.
Leady,Resembling lead.
Leaves,of Leaf
Leafed,of Leaf
Leafing,of Leaf
Leafage,Leaves  collectively; foliage.
Leafcup,A coarse American composite weed (Polymnia Uvedalia).
Leafet,A leaflet.
Leafiness,The state of being leafy.
Leafless,Having no leaves or foliage; bearing no foliage.
Leaflet,A little leaf; also  a little printed leaf or a tract.
Leafstalk,The stalk or petiole which supports a leaf.
Leafy,Full of leaves; abounding in leaves; as  the leafy forest.
Leagued,of League
Leaguing,of League
Leaguer,The camp of a besieging army; a camp in general.
Leaguerer,A besieger.
Leaked,of Leak
Leaking,of Leak
Leakage,A leaking; also  the quantity that enters or issues by leaking.
Leakiness,The quality of being leaky.
Leal,Faithful; loyal; true.
Leam,See Leme.
Leamer,A dog held by a leam.
Lean,To conceal.
Leaned,of Lean
Leant,of Lean
Leaning,of Lean
Lean-faced,Having a thin face.
Leanly,Meagerly; without fat or plumpness.
Leanness,The condition or quality of being lean.
Lean-to,Having only one slope or pitch; -- said of a roof.
Lean-witted,Having but little sense or shrewdness.
Leany,Lean.
Leap,A basket.
Leaped,of Leap
Leapt,of Leap
Leaping,of Leap
Leaper,One who  or that which leaps.
Leapful,A basketful.
Leapingly,By leaps.
Lear,To learn. See Lere  to learn.
Learned,of Learn
Learnt,of Learn
Learning,of Learn
Learnable,Such as can be learned.
Learner,One who learns; a scholar.
Leasable,Such as can be leased.
Lease,To gather what harvesters have left behind; to glean.
Leased,of Lease
Leasing,of Lease
Leasehold,Held by lease.
Leaseholder,A tenant under a lease.
Leaser,One who leases or gleans.
Leashed,of Leash
Leashing,of Leash
Leasow,A pasture.
Leastways,Alt. of Leastwise
Leastwise,At least; at all events.
Leasy,Flimsy; vague; deceptive.
Leat,An artificial water trench  esp. one to or from a mill.
Leathered,of Leather
Leathering,of Leather
Leatheret,Alt. of Leatherette
Leatherette,An imitation of leather  made of paper and cloth.
Leatherhead,The friar bird.
Leathern,Made of leather; consisting of. leather; as  a leathern purse.
Leatherneck,The sordid friar bird of Australia (Tropidorhynchus sordidus).
Leathery,Resembling leather in appearance or consistence; tough.
Leaved,of Leave
Leaving,of Leave
Leave,To send out leaves; to leaf; -- often with out.
Left,of Leave
Leaveless,Leafless.
Leavened,of Leaven
Leavening,of Leaven
Leavenous,Containing leaven.
Leaver,One who leaves  or withdraws.
Leave-taking,Taking of leave; parting compliments.
Leaviness,Leafiness.
Leavings,Things left; remnants; relics.
Leavy,Leafy.
Leban,Alt. of Lebban
Lecama,The hartbeest.
Lecanorin,See Lecanoric.
Lech,To lick.
Leche,See water buck  under 3d Buck.
Lechered,of Lecher
Lechering,of Lecher
Lecherer,See Lecher  n.
Lechery,Free indulgence of lust; lewdness.
lectern,See Lecturn.
Lecticae,of Lectica
Lectica,A kind of litter or portable couch.
Lection,A lesson or selection  esp. of Scripture read in divine service.
Lectionary,A book  or a list of lections for reading in divine service.
Lectual,Confining to the bed; as  a lectual disease.
Lecture,The act of reading; as  the lecture of Holy Scripture.
Lectured,of Lecture
Lecturing,of Lecture
Lecturer,One who lectures; an assistant preacher.
Lectureship,The office of a lecturer.
Leden,Alt. of Ledden
Ledden,Language; speech; voice; cry.
Ledgement,See Ledgment.
Lee,To lie; to speak falsely.
Lees,of Lee
Leech,See 2d Leach.
Leeched,of Leech
Leeching,of Leech
Leechcraft,The art of healing; skill of a physician.
Leed,Alt. of Leede
Leede,A caldron; a copper kettle.
Leef,See Lief.
Leeme,See Leme.
Leep,Leaped.
Leer,To learn.
Leered,of Leer
Leering,of Leer
Leere,Tape or braid; an ornament.
Leeringly,In a leering manner.
Leese,To lose.
Leet,of Let  to allow.
Leetmen,of Leetman
Leetman,One subject to the jurisdiction of a court-leet.
Left-handedness,Alt. of Left-handiness
Left-handiness,The state or quality of being left-handed; awkwardness.
Left-off,Laid aside; cast-off.
Leftward,Toward or on the left side.
Leful,See Leveful.
Legacies,of Legacy
Legalism,Strictness  or the doctrine of strictness in conforming to law.
Legality,The state or quality of being legal; conformity to law.
Legalization,The act of making legal.
Legalized,of Legalize
Legalizing,of Legalize
Legalize,To make legal.
Legally,In a legal manner.
Legantine,See Legatine.
Legatary,A legatee.
Legate,An ambassador or envoy.
Legatee,One to whom a legacy is bequeathed.
Legateship,The office of a legate.
Legatine,Of or pertaining to a legate; as  legatine power.
Legator,A testator; one who bequeaths a legacy.
Legatura,A tie or brace; a syncopation.
Legature,Legateship.
Lege,To allege; to assert.
Legement,See Ledgment.
Legerdemainist,One who practices sleight of hand; a prestidigitator.
Legerity,Lightness; nimbleness.
Legge,To lay.
Leggiadro,Alt. of Leggiero
Leggiero,Light or graceful; in a light  delicate and brisk style.
Legging,Alt. of Leggin
Leggin,A cover for the leg  like a long gaiter.
Leggy,Having long legs.
Legibility,The quality of being legible; legibleness.
Legibleness,The state or quality of being legible.
Legibly,In a legible manner.
Legific,Of or pertaining to making laws.
Legionaries,of Legionary
Legioned,Formed into a legion or legions; legionary.
Legionry,A body of legions; legions  collectively.
Legislated,of Legislate
Legislating,of Legislate
Legislate,To make or enact a law or laws.
Legislatively,In a legislative manner.
Legislatorial,Of or pertaining to a legislator or legislature.
Legislatorship,The office of a legislator.
Legislatress,Alt. of Legislatrix
Legislatrix,A woman who makes laws.
Legist,One skilled in the laws; a writer on law.
Legitimated,of Legitimate
Legitimating,of Legitimate
Legitimately,In a legitimate manner; lawfully; genuinely.
Legitimation,The act of making legitimate.
Legitimatist,See Legitimist.
Legitimatize,To legitimate.
Legitimism,The principles or plans of legitimists.
Legitimized,of Legitimize
Legitimizing,of Legitimize
Legitimize,To legitimate.
Legless,Not having a leg.
Lego-literary,Pertaining to the literature of law.
Leguleian,Lawyerlike; legal.
Legumina,of Legumen
Legumens,of Legumen
Legumen,Same as Legume.
Leguminous,Pertaining to pulse; consisting of pulse.
Leiger,See Leger  n. 2.
Leiotrichan,Of or pertaining to the Leiotrichi.
Leiotrichi,The division of mankind which embraces the smooth-haired races.
Leiotrichous,Having smooth  or nearly smooth hair.
Leipothymic,See Lipothymic.
Leister,Alt. of Lister
Lister,A spear armed with three or more prongs  for striking fish.
Leisurable,Leisurely.
Leisurably,At leisure.
Leisured,Having leisure.
Leitmotif,See Leading motive  under Leading a.
Leme,A ray or glimmer of light; a gleam.
Lemmata,of Lemma
Lemmas,of Lemma
Lemman,A leman.
Lemnian,Of or pertaining to the isle of Lemnos.
Lemniscata,Alt. of Lemniscate
Lemnisci,of Lemniscus
Lemures,Spirits or ghosts of the departed; specters.
Lemurid,Same as Lemuroid.
Lemuridous,Alt. of Lemurine
Lemurine,Lemuroid.
Lemuroid,Like or pertaining to the lemurs or the Lemuroidea.
Lena,A procuress.
Lent,of Lend
Lending,of Lend
Lendable,Such as can be lent.
Lender,One who lends.
Lendes,See Lends.
Lends,Loins.
Lene,To lend; to grant; to permit.
Lenger,Alt. of Lengest
Lengest,Longer; longest; -- obsolete compar. and superl. of long.
Lengthened,of Lengthen
Lengthening,of Lengthen
Lengthful,Long.
Lengthily,In a lengthy manner; at great length or extent.
Lengthiness,The state or quality of being lengthy; prolixity.
Lengthways,Alt. of Lengthwise
Lengthwise,In the direction of the length; in a longitudinal direction.
Lenience,Alt. of Leniency
Leniency,The quality or state of being lenient; lenity; clemency.
Leniently,In a lenient manner.
Lenify,To assuage; to soften; to mitigate; to alleviate.
Leniment,An assuasive.
Lenitiveness,The quality of being lenitive.
Lenitude,The quality or habit of being lenient; lenity.
Leno,A light open cotton fabric used for window curtains.
Lenocinant,Given to lewdness.
Lenses,of Lens
Lentamente,Slowly; in slow time.
Lentando,Slackening; retarding. Same as Rallentando.
Lenten,Lent.
Lententide,The season of Lenten or Lent.
Lenticellate,Producing lenticels; dotted with lenticels.
Lenticelle,Lenticel.
Lenticulas,of Lenticula
Lenticulae,of Lenticula
Lenticula,A kind of eruption upon the skin; lentigo; freckle.
Lenticularly,In the manner of a lens; with a curve.
Lentiform,Lenticular.
Lentiginose,Bearing numerous dots resembling freckles.
Lentiginous,Of or pertaining to lentigo; freckly; scurfy; furfuraceous.
Lentigo,A freckly eruption on the skin; freckles.
Lentiscus,Alt. of Lentisk
Lentisk,A tree; the mastic. See Mastic.
Lentitude,Slowness; sluggishness.
Lento,Slow; in slow time; slowly; -- rarely written lente.
Lentoid,Having the form of a lens; lens-shaped.
Lentor,Tenacity; viscidity  as of fluids.
Lentous,Viscid; viscous; tenacious.
L'envoi,Alt. of L'envoy
Leod,People; a nation; a man.
Leon,A lion.
Leonced,See Lionced.
Leonese,Of or pertaining to Leon  in Spain.
Leopardwood,See Letterwood.
Lep,of Leap. Leaped.
Lepadite,Same as Lepadoid.
Lepal,A sterile transformed stamen.
Leper,A person affected with leprosy.
Lepered,Affected or tainted with leprosy.
Leperize,To affect with leprosy.
Leperous,Leprous; infectious; corrupting; poisonous.
Lepid,Pleasant; jocose.
Lepidodendroid,Allied to  or resembling Lepidodendron.
Lepidopter,One of the Lepidoptera.
Lepidopteral,Alt. of Lepidopterous
Lepidopterous,Of or pertaining to the Lepidoptera.
Lepidopterist,One who studies the Lepidoptera.
Lepidote,Alt. of Lepidoted
Lepidoted,Having a coat of scurfy scales  as the leaves of the oleaster.
Lepismoid,Like or pertaining to the Lepisma.
Leporine,Of or pertaining to a hare; like or characteristic of  a hare.
Lepra,Leprosy.
Lepre,Leprosy.
Leprose,Covered with thin  scurfy scales.
Leprosity,The state or quality of being leprous or scaly; also  a scale.
Leprous,Infected with leprosy; pertaining to or resembling leprosy.
Lepry,Leprosy.
Leptocardian,Of or pertaining to the Leptocardia.
Leptodactyl,A bird or other animal having slender toes.
Leptodactylous,Having slender toes.
Leptology,A minute and tedious discourse on trifling things.
Leptomeningitis,Inflammation of the pia mater or of the arachnoid membrane.
Leptostraca,An order of Crustacea  including Nebalia and allied forms.
Leptynite,See Granulite.
Lere,Learning; lesson; lore.
Lered,Learned.
Les,A leash.
Lese,To lose.
Lese-majesty,See Leze majesty.
Lesion,A hurt; an injury.
Less,Unless.
Lessened,of Lessen
Lessening,of Lessen
Lessener,One who  or that which lessens.
Lesser,Less; smaller; inferior.
Lesses,The leavings or dung of beasts.
Lessoned,of Lesson
Lessoning,of Lesson
Lessor,One who leases; the person who lets to farm  or gives a lease.
Lest,To listen.
Let,To retard; to hinder; to impede; to oppose.
Letted,of Let
Letting,of Let
Let-alone,Letting alone.
Letch,See Leach.
Letchy,See Leachy.
Lete,To let; to leave.
Leten,p. p. of Lete.
Lethality,The quality of being lethal; mortality.
Lethargic,Alt. of Lethargical
Lethargized,of Lethargize
Lethargizing,of Lethargize
Lethargize,To make lethargic.
Lethe,Death.
Letheed,Caused by Lethe.
Letheon,Sulphuric ether used as an anaesthetic agent.
Letheonize,To subject to the influence of letheon.
Lethiferous,Deadly; bringing death or destruction.
Lethy,Lethean.
Lette,To let; to hinder. See Let  to hinder.
Letter,One who lets or permits; one who lets anything for hire.
Lettered,of Letter
Lettering,of Letter
Letterer,One who makes  inscribes or engraves alphabetical letters.
Letterless,Not having a letter.
Lettern,See Lecturn.
Letterure,Letters; literature.
Lettic,Of or pertaining to the Letts; Lettish.
Lettish,Of or pertaining to the Letts.
Lettrure,See Letterure.
Letuary,Electuary.
Leuc-,Same as Leuco-.
Leuchaemia,See Leucocythaemia.
Leucic,Alt. of Leucinic
Leucitic,Containing leucite; as  leucitic rocks.
Leuco-,Alt. of Leuc-
Leucocythaemia,Alt. of Leucocythemia
Leucocytogenesis,The formation of leucocytes.
Leucoethiops,An albino.
Leucoma,A white opacity in the cornea of the eye; -- called also albugo.
Leucopathy,The state of an albino  or of a white child of black parents.
Leucophlegmatic,Having a dropsical habit of body  with a white bloated skin.
Leucophyllous,Having white or silvery foliage.
Leucoplast,Alt. of Leucoplastid
Leucosphere,The inner corona.
Leukaemia,Leucocythaemia.
Leuke,Alt. of Leukeness
Leukeness,See Luke  etc.
Leukoplast,See Leucoplast.
Levana,A goddess who protected newborn infants.
Levanter,One who levants  or decamps.
Levantine,Of or pertaining to the Levant.
Levari facias,A writ of execution at common law.
Leve,Dear. See Lief.
Levee,The act of rising.
Levee en masse,See Levy in mass  under Levy n.
Leveful,Allowable; permissible; lawful.
Leveled,of Level
Levelled,of Level
Leveling,of Level
Levelling,of Level
Leveler,One who  or that which levels.
Levelly,In an even or level manner.
Levelness,The state or quality of being level.
Leven,Lightning.
Lever,More agreeable; more pleasing.
Leverage,The action of a lever; mechanical advantage gained by the lever.
Leveret,A hare in the first year of its age.
Leverock,A lark.
Levesel,A leafy shelter; a place covered with foliage.
Levet,A trumpet call for rousing soldiers; a reveille.
Levier,One who levies.
Levigable,Capable of being levigated.
Levigate,Made less harsh or burdensome; alleviated.
Levigated,of Levigate
Levigating,of Levigate
Levigation,The act or operation of levigating.
Levin,Lightning.
Leviner,A swift hound.
Levir,A husband's brother; -- used in reference to levirate marriages.
Levirate,Alt. of Leviratical
Leviration,Levirate marriage or marriages.
Levitation,Lightness; buoyancy; act of making light.
Levitical,Of or pertaining to a Levite or the Levites.
Levo-,A prefix from L. laevus
Levies,of Levy
Levied,of Levy
Levying,of Levy
Levyne,Alt. of Levynite
Lew,Lukewarm; tepid.
Lewd,Not clerical; laic; laical; hence  unlearned; simple.
Lewdster,A lewd person.
Lewis,Alt. of Lewisson
Leges,of Lex
Lexicographer,The author or compiler of a lexicon or dictionary.
Lexicographic,Alt. of Lexicographical
Lexicographical,Of or pertaining to  or according to lexicography.
Lexicographist,A lexicographer.
Lexicologist,One versed in lexicology.
Lexiconist,A writer of a lexicon.
Lexigraphic,Of or pertaining to lexigraphy.
Lexigraphy,The art or practice of defining words; definition of words.
Lexiphanicism,The use of pretentious words  language or style.
Lexipharmic,See Alexipharmic.
Ley,To lay; to wager.
Leyden jar,Alt. of Leyden phial
Leyser,Leisure.
Leze majesty,Any crime committed against the sovereign power.
Liabilities,of Liability
Liableness,Quality of being liable; liability.
Liage,Union by league; alliance.
Liane,Alt. of Liana
Liar,A person who knowingly utters falsehood; one who lies.
Liard,Gray.
Liassic,Of the age of the Lias; pertaining to the Lias formation.
Lib,To castrate.
Libament,Libation.
Libant,Sipping; touching lightly.
Libatory,Pertaining to libation.
Libbard,A leopard.
Libbard's bane,Leopard's bane.
Libeled,of Libel
Libelled,of Libel
Libeling,of Libel
Libelling,of Libel
Libeler,One who libels.
Libelist,A libeler.
Li bella,A small balance.
Libellulid,A dragon fly.
Libelluloid,Like or pertaining to the dragon flies.
Liberalist,A liberal.
Liberalities,of Liberality
Liberalization,The act of liberalizing.
Liberalized,of Liberalize
Liberalizing,of Liberalize
Liberalize,To make liberal; to free from narrow views or prejudices.
Liberalizer,One who  or that which liberalizes.
Liberally,In a liberal manner.
Liberated,of Liberate
Liberating,of Liberate
Liberation,The act of liberating or the state of being liberated.
Liberator,One who  or that which liberates; a deliverer.
Liberatory,Tending  or serving to liberate.
Libertarianism,Libertarian principles or doctrines.
Liberticide,The destruction of civil liberty.
Libertinage,Libertinism; license.
Libertine,A manumitted slave; a freedman; also  the son of a freedman.
Libertinism,The state of a libertine or freedman.
Liberties,of Liberty
Libidinist,One given to lewdness.
Libidinosity,The state or quality of being libidinous; libidinousness.
Libken,Alt. of Libkin
Libkin,A house or lodging.
Librae,of Libra
Libral,Of a pound weight.
Librarian,One who has the care or charge of a library.
Librarianship,The office of a librarian.
Libraries,of Library
Librated,of Librate
Librating,of Librate
Libration,The act or state of librating.
Librettist,One who makes a libretto.
Librettos,of Libretto
Libretti,of Libretto
Libriform,Having the form of liber  or resembling liber.
Lice,pl. of Louse.
Licensable,That can be licensed.
Licensed,of License
Licensing,of License
Licensee,The person to whom a license is given.
Licenser,One who gives a license; as  a licenser of the press.
Licensure,A licensing.
Lich,Like.
Lichened,Belonging to  or covered with lichens.
Lichenic,Of  pertaining to or obtained from lichens.
Licheniform,Having the form of a lichen.
Lichenographic,Alt. of Lichenographical
Lichenographical,Of or pertaining to lichenography.
Lichenographist,One who describes lichens; one versed in lichenography.
Lichenologist,One versed in lichenology.
Lichenology,The science which treats of lichens.
Lichi,See Litchi.
Lichwale,The gromwell.
Lichwort,An herb  the wall pellitory. See Pellitory.
Licit,Lawful.
Licitation,The act of offering for sale to the highest bidder.
Licked,of Lick
Licking,of Lick
Licker,One who  or that which licks.
Lickerous,Lickerish; eager; lustful.
Lickpenny,A devourer or absorber of money.
Lick-spigot,A tapster.
Lick-spittle,An abject flatterer or parasite.
Licorous,See Lickerish.
Licour,Liquor.
Lidded,Covered with a lid.
Lidge,Same as Ledge.
Lie,See Lye.
Lied,of Lie
Lying,of Lie
Lien,of Lie
Lieder,of Lied
Lief,Same as Lif.
Liefsome,Pleasing; delightful.
Liegance,Same as Ligeance.
Liegemen,of Liegeman
Liegeman,Same as Liege  n. 2.
Lieger,A resident ambassador.
Liegiancy,See Ligeance.
Lienal,Of or pertaining to the spleen; splenic.
Lienculi,of Lienculus
Lienteric,Of or pertaining to  or of the nature of a lientery.
Lier,One who lies down; one who rests or remains  as in concealment.
Lieutenancy,The office  rank or commission of a lieutenant.
Lieutenantry,See Lieutenancy.
Lieutenantship,Same as Lieutenancy  1.
Lieve,Same as Lief.
Lives,of Life
Lifeblood,The blood necessary to life; vital blood.
Lifeful,Full of vitality.
Lifehold,Land held by a life estate.
Lifelong,Lasting or continuing through life.
Lifely,In a lifelike manner.
Lifemate,Companion for life.
Lifen,To enliven.
Life-size,Of full size; of the natural size.
Lifesome,Animated; sprightly.
Lifespring,Spring or source of life.
Lifestring,A nerve  or string that is imagined to be essential to life.
Lifetime,The time that life continues.
Life-weary,Weary of living.
Liflode,Livelihood.
Lift,The sky; the atmosphere; the firmament.
Lifted,of Lift
Lifting,of Lift
Liftable,Such as can be lifted.
Lifter,One who  or that which lifts.
Lig,To recline; to lie still.
Ligamental,Alt. of Ligamentous
Ligate,To tie with a ligature; to bind around; to bandage.
Ligation,The act of binding  or the state of being bound.
Ligature,The act of binding.
Lige,To lie; to tell lies.
Ligement,See Ledgment.
Ligge,To lie or recline.
Lighted,of Light
Lit,of Light
Lighting,of Light
Lightable,Such as can be lighted.
Light-armed,Armed with light weapons or accouterments.
Light-boat,Light-ship.
Lighte,imp. of Light  to alight.
Lighten,To descend; to light.
Lightened,of Lighten
Lightening,of Lighten
Lighter,One who  or that which lights; as a lighter of lamps.
Lighterage,The price paid for conveyance of goods on a lighter.
Lightermen,of Lighterman
Lighterman,A person employed on  or who manages a lighter.
Light-foot,Alt. of Light-footed
Lightful,Full of light; bright.
Light-handed,Not having a full complement of men; as  a vessel light-handed.
Light-headed,Disordered in the head; dizzy; delirious.
Light-hearted,Free from grief or anxiety; gay; cheerful; merry.
Light-heeled,Lively in walking or running; brisk; light-footed.
Light-horseman,A soldier who serves in the light horse. See under 5th Light.
Lighthouses,of Lighthouse
Light-legged,Nimble; swift of foot.
Lightless,Destitute of light; dark.
Lightman,A man who carries or takes care of a light.
Light-minded,Unsettled; unsteady; volatile; not considerate.
Lightsome,Having light; lighted; not dark or gloomy; bright.
Light-winged,Having light and active wings; volatile; fleeting.
Lighty,Illuminated.
Lign-aloes,Aloes wood  or agallochum. See Agallochum.
Ligniferous,Yielding or producing wood.
Ligniform,Like wood.
Lignified,of Lignify
Lignifying,of Lignify
Lignify,To convert into wood or into a ligneous substance.
Ligniperdous,Wood-destroying; -- said of certain insects.
Lignireose,See Lignin.
Lignitiferous,Producing or containing lignite; lignitic.
Lignone,See Lignin.
Lignose,Alt. of Lignous
Lignous,Ligneous.
Ligsam,Same as Ligan.
Ligulae,of Ligula
Ligulas,of Ligula
Ligula,See Ligule.
Ligulate,Alt. of Ligulated
Ligulated,Like a bandage  or strap; strap-shaped.
Ligure,A kind of precious stone.
Liked,of Like
Liking,of Like
Likeable,See Likable.
Likehood,Likelihood.
Likelihood,Appearance; show; sign; expression.
Likeliness,Likelihood; probability.
Likely,Worthy of belief; probable; credible; as  a likely story.
Like-minded,Having a like disposition or purpose; of the same mind.
Likened,of Liken
Likening,of Liken
Likerous,Alt. of Likerousness
Likerousness,See Lickerish  Lickerishness.
Likewise,In like manner; also; moreover; too. See Also.
Lilacin,See Syringin.
Lilial,Having a general resemblance to lilies or to liliaceous plants.
Lilied,Covered with  or having many lilies.
Lill,To loll.
Lilies,of Lily
Lily-handed,Having white  delicate hands.
Lily-livered,White-livered; cowardly.
Lilywort,Any plant of the Lily family or order.
Lim,A limb.
Lima,The capital city of Peru  in South America.
Limaceous,Pertaining to  or like Limax or the slugs.
Limaille,Filings of metal.
Liman,The deposit of slime at the mouth of a river; slime.
Limation,The act of filing or polishing.
Limature,The act of filing.
Limbec,An alembic; a still.
Limber,The shafts or thills of a wagon or carriage.
Limbered,of Limber
Limbering,of Limber
Limberness,The quality or state of being limber; flexibleness.
Limbless,Destitute of limbs.
Limbmeal,Piecemeal.
Limbo,Alt. of Limbus
Limbous,With slightly overlapping borders; -- said of a suture.
Lime,A thong by which a dog is led; a leash.
Limed,of Lime
Liming,of Lime
Limehound,A dog used in hunting the wild boar; a leamer.
Limenean,Of or pertaining to Lima  or to the inhabitants of Lima in Peru.
Limer,A limehound; a limmer.
Lime twig,See under 4th Lime.
Lime-twigged,Beset with snares; insnared  as with birdlime.
Limicoline,Shore-inhabiting; of or pertaining to the Limicolae.
Liminess,The state or quality of being limy.
Limited,of Limit
Limiting,of Limit
Limitable,Capable of being limited.
Limitaneous,Of or pertaining to a limit.
Limitarian,Tending to limit.
Limitary,Placed at the limit  as a guard.
Limitate,Bounded by a distinct line.
Limitedly,With limitation.
Limitedness,The quality of being limited.
Limiter,One who  or that which limits.
Limitless,Having no limits; unbounded; boundless.
Limitour,See Limiter  2.
Limmer,Limber.
Limned,of Limn
Limning,of Limn
Limner,A painter; an artist
Limniad,See Limoniad.
Limoges,A city of Southern France.
Limoniad,A nymph of the meadows; -- called also Limniad.
Limous,Muddy; slimy; thick.
Limped,of Limp
Limping,of Limp
Limp,To halt; to walk lamely. Also used figuratively.
Limper,One who limps.
Limpet,In a general sense  any hatshaped or conical gastropod shell.
Limpidity,The quality or state of being limpid.
Limpidness,Quality of being limpid; limpidity.
Limpin,A limpet.
Limpingly,In a limping manner.
Limpitude,Limpidity.
Limpness,The quality or state of being limp.
Limpsy,Alt. of Limsy
Limsy,Limp; flexible; flimsy.
Limule,A limulus.
Limuli,of Limulus
Limy,Smeared with  or consisting of lime; viscous.
Lin,To yield; to stop; to cease.
Linage,See Lineage.
Linch,A ledge; a right-angled projection.
Linchi,An esculent swallow.
Lincture,Alt. of Linctus
Linctus,Medicine taken by licking with the tongue.
Lind,The linden. See Linden.
Line,Flax; linen.
Lined,of Line
Lining,of Line
Lineality,The quality of being lineal.
Linearensate,Having the form of a sword  but very long and narrow.
Linearly,In a linear manner; with lines.
Linear-shaped,Of a linear shape.
Lineary,Linear.
Lineate,Alt. of Lineated
Lineated,Marked with lines.
Lineation,Delineation; a line or lines.
Lineature,Anything having outline.
Linemen,of Lineman
Lineman,One who carries the line in surveying  etc.
Linen,Made of linen; as  linen cloth; a linen stocking.
Linener,A dealer in linen; a linen draper.
Lineolate,Marked with little lines.
Liner,One who lines  as a liner of shoes.
Linga,Alt. of Lingam
Ling-bird,The European meadow pipit; -- called also titling.
Lingel,A shoemaker's thread.
Lingence,A linctus.
Lingered,of Linger
Lingering,of Linger
Lingerer,One who lingers.
Lingeringly,With delay; slowly; tediously.
Linget,An ingot.
Lingle,See Lingel.
Lingo,Language; speech; dialect.
Lingoa wood,Amboyna wood.
Lingot,A linget or ingot; also  a mold for casting metals. See Linget.
Linguae,of Lingua
Lingua,A tongue.
Linguacious,Given to the use of the tongue; loquacious.
Linguality,The quality of being lingual.
Linguatulida,Same as Linguatulina.
Linguidental,Linguadental.
Linguiform,Having the form of the tongue; tongue-shaped.
Linguist,A master of the use of language; a talker.
Linguistic,Alt. of Linguistical
Linguistically,In a linguistic manner; from the point of view of a linguist.
Lingula,A tonguelike process or part.
Lingulate,Shaped like the tongue or a strap; ligulate.
Linigerous,Bearing flax; producing linen.
Link,A torch made of tow and pitch  or the like.
Linked,of Link
Linking,of Link
Linkboy,Alt. of Linkman
Linkman,A boy or man that carried a link or torch to light passengers.
Linnaea borealis,The twin flower which grows in cold northern climates.
Linnaean,Alt. of Linnean
Linnean,Of or pertaining to Linnaeus  the celebrated Swedish botanist.
Linne,Flax. See Linen.
Linoleate,A salt of linoleic acid.
Linseed,The seeds of flax  from which linseed oil is obtained.
Linsey,Linsey-woolsey.
Linsey-woolsey,Cloth made of linen and wool  mixed.
Lint,Flax.
Lintie,Alt. of Lintwhite
Lintwhite,See Linnet.
Lintseed,See Linseed.
Lionel,The whelp of a lioness; a young lion.
Lioness,A female lion.
Lionet,A young or small lion.
Lion-heart,A very brave person.
Lion-hearted,Very brave; brave and magnanimous.
Lionhood,State of being a lion.
Lionized,of Lionize
Lionizing,of Lionize
Lionize,To treat or regard as a lion or object of great interest.
Lionlike,Like a lion; brave as a lion.
Lionly,Like a lion; fierce.
Lionship,The state of being a lion.
Lions' teeth,of Lion's tooth
Lion's tooth,See Leontodon.
Lipped,of Lip
Lipping,of Lip
Lipaemia,A condition in which fat occurs in the blood.
Liparite,A quartzose trachyte; rhyolite.
Lipinic,Lipic.
Lipless,Having no lips.
Liplet,A little lip.
Lipocephala,Same as Lamellibranchia.
Lipogrammatist,One who makes a lipogram.
Lipoma,A tumor consisting of fat or adipose tissue.
Lipothymic,Tending to swoon; fainting.
Lipothymous,Pertaining  or given to swooning; fainting.
Lipothymy,A fainting; a swoon.
Lippitude,Soreness of eyes; the state of being blear-eyed; blearedness.
Lipse,To lisp.
Lipyl,A hypothetical radical of glycerin.
Liquable,Capable of being melted.
Liquate,To melt; to become liquid.
Liquefacient,That which serves to liquefy.
Liquefiable,Capable of being changed from a solid to a liquid state.
Liquefier,That which liquefies.
Liquefied,of Liquefy
Liquefying,of Liquefy
Liquescency,The quality or state of being liquescent.
Liquescent,Tending to become liquid; inclined to melt; melting.
Liqueur,An aromatic alcoholic cordial.
Liquid,Flowing freely like water; fluid; not solid.
Liquidamber,See Liquidambar.
Liquidated,of Liquidate
Liquidating,of Liquidate
Liquidator,One who  or that which liquidates.
Liquidity,The state or quality of being liquid.
Liquidized,of Liquidize
Liquidizing,of Liquidize
Liquidize,To render liquid.
Liquidly,In a liquid manner; flowingly.
Liquidness,The quality or state of being liquid; liquidity; fluency.
Liquor,Any liquid substance  as water milk blood sap juice or the like.
Liquored,of Liquor
Liquoring,of Liquor
Liquorice,See Licorice.
Liquorish,See Lickerish.
Liquorous,Eagerly desirous. See Lickerish.
Lire,of Lira
Lira,An Italian coin equivalent in value to the French franc.
Lirelliform,Like a lirella.
Liriodendra,of Liriodendron
Liripipe,See Liripoop.
Lisle,A city of France celebrated for certain manufactures.
Lisne,A cavity or hollow.
Lisped,of Lisp
Lisping,of Lisp
Lisper,One who lisps.
Lispingly,With a lisp; in a lisping manner.
Liss,Release; remission; ease; relief.
Lissom,Alt. of Lissome
Lissome,Limber; supple; flexible; lithe; lithesome.
Listed,of List
Listing,of List
Listel,Same as List  n. 6.
Listened,of Listen
Listening,of Listen
Listener,One who listens; a hearkener.
Listerian,Of or pertaining to listerism.
Listful,Attentive.
Litanies,of Litany
Litarge,Litharge.
Lite,& n.  Little.
Liter,Alt. of Litre
Literacy,State of being literate.
Literalty,The state or quality of being literal.
Literalization,The act of literalizing; reduction to a literal meaning.
Literalized,of Literalize
Literalizing,of Literalize
Literalizer,A literalist.
Literalness,The quality or state of being literal; literal import.
Literati,Learned or literary men. See Literatus.
Literatim,Letter for letter.
Literation,The act or process of representing by letters.
Literature,Learning; acquaintance with letters or books.
Lith,3d pers. sing. pres. of Lie  to recline for lieth.
Lithaemia,A condition in which uric (lithic) acid is present in the blood.
Lithate,A salt of lithic or uric acid; a urate.
Lithe,To listen or listen to; to hearken to.
Lithely,In a lithe  pliant or flexible manner.
Litheness,The quality or state of being lithe; flexibility; limberness.
Lither,Bad; wicked; false; worthless; slothful.
Litherly,Crafty; cunning; mischievous; wicked; treacherous; lazy.
Lithesome,Pliant; limber; flexible; supple; nimble; lissom.
Lithic,Of or pertaining to stone; as  lithic architecture.
Lithiophilite,A phosphate of manganese and lithium; a variety of triphylite.
Litho,A combining form from Gr. li`qos  stone.
Lithocarp,Fossil fruit; a fruit petrified; a carpolite.
Lithochromatics,See Lithochromics.
Lithoclast,An instrument for crushing stones in the bladder.
Lithodomous,Like  or pertaining to Lithodomus; lithophagous.
Lithofracteur,An explosive compound of nitroglycerin. See Nitroglycerin.
Lithogenous,Stone-producing; -- said of polyps which form coral.
Lithoglyph,An engraving on a gem.
Lithoglypher,One who curs or engraves precious stones.
Lithoglyptics,The art of cutting and engraving gems.
Lithographed,of Lithograph
Lithographing,of Lithograph
Lithographer,One who lithographs; one who practices lithography.
Lithographic,Alt. of Lithographical
Lithoid,Alt. of Lithoidal
Lithoidal,Like a stone; having a stony structure.
Litholatry,The worship of a stone or stones.
Lithologic,Alt. of Lithological
Lithologist,One who is skilled in lithology.
Lithomancy,Divination by means of stones.
Lithomarge,A clay of a fine smooth texture  and very sectile.
Lithonthriptic,Alt. of Lithonthryptic
Lithonthryptic,Same as Lithontriptic.
Lithontriptist,Same as Lithotriptist.
Lithontriptor,See Lithotriptor.
Lithophagous,Eating or swallowing stones or gravel  as the ostrich.
Lithophosphor,A stone that becomes phosphoric by heat.
Lithophosphoric,Pertaining to lithophosphor; becoming phosphoric by heat.
Lithophotography,Same as Photolithography.
Lithophyll,A fossil leaf or impression of a leaf.
Lithophytic,Of or pertaining to lithophytes.
Lithophytous,Lithophytic.
Lithotome,A stone so formed by nature as to appear as if cut by art.
Lithotomic,Alt. of Lithotomical
Lithotomical,Pertaining to  or performed by lithotomy.
Lithotriptic,Same as Lithontriptic.
Lithotriptist,One skilled in breaking and extracting stone in the bladder.
Lithotrite,Alt. of Lithotritor
Lithotritor,A lithotriptor.
Lithotritist,A lithotriptist.
Lithotyped,of Lithotype
Lithotyping,of Lithotype
Lithotypic,Of  pertaining to or produced by lithotypy.
Lithoxyl,Petrified wood.
Lithy,Easily bent; pliable.
Litigable,Such as can be litigated.
Litigated,of Litigate
Litigating,of Litigate
Litigator,One who litigates.
Litigiously,In a litigious manner.
Litraneter,An instrument for ascertaining the specific gravity of liquids.
Littered,of Litter
Littering,of Litter
Little-ease,An old slang name for the pillory  stocks etc. of a prison.
Littoral,Of or pertaining to a shore  as of the sea.
Littress,A smooth kind of cartridge paper used for making cards.
Litate,Forked  with the points slightly curved outward.
Lituiform,Having the form of a lituus; like a lituite.
Liturate,Having indistinct spots  paler at their margins.
Liturgic,Alt. of Liturgical
Liturgically,In the manner of a liturgy.
Liturgiologist,One versed in liturgiology.
Liturgist,One who favors or adheres strictly to a liturgy.
Liturgies,of Liturgy
Litui,of Lituus
Lituus,A curved staff used by the augurs in quartering the heavens.
Livable,Such as can be lived.
Lived,of Live
Living,of Live
Livelihed,See Livelihood.
Livelily,In a lively manner.
Livelode,Course of life; means of support; livelihood.
Lively,Endowed with or manifesting life; living.
Liver,One who  or that which lives.
Liver-colored,Having a color like liver; dark reddish brown.
Livered,Having (such) a liver; used in composition; as  white-livered.
Liver-grown,Having an enlarged liver.
Liveried,Wearing a livery. See Livery  3.
Livering,A kind of pudding or sausage made of liver or pork.
Liverleaf,Same as Liverwort.
Liveries,of Livery
Livery,The act of delivering possession of lands or tenements.
Liverymen,of Liveryman
Liveryman,One who wears a livery  as a servant.
Lividity,The state or quality of being livid.
Lividness,Lividity.
Livingly,In a living state.
Livor,Malignity.
Lixiviate,Alt. of Lixivited
Lixiviated,of Lixiviate
Lixiviating,of Lixiviate
Lixivious,See Lixivial.
Liza,The American white mullet (Mugil curema).
Llanero,One of the inhabitants of the llanos of South America.
Llanos,of Llano
Llano,An extensive plain with or without vegetation.
Lo,Look; see; behold; observe.
Loaded,of Load
Loading,of Load
Loadmanage,Alt. of Lodemanage
Lodemanage,Pilotage; skill of a pilot or loadsman.
Loadsman,Alt. of Lodesman
Lodesman,A pilot.
Loadstar,Alt. of Lodestar
Loadstone,Alt. of Lodestone
Loaves,of Loaf
Loafed,of Loaf
Loafing,of Loaf
Loafer,One who loafs; a lazy lounger.
Loamed,of Loam
Loaming,of Loam
Loan,A loanin.
Loaned,of Loan
Loaning,of Loan
Loanin,Alt. of Loaning
Loanmonger,A dealer in  or negotiator of loans.
Loath,Hateful; odious; disliked.
Loathed,of Loathe
Loathing,of Loathe
Loathe,To feel extreme disgust at  or aversion for.
Loather,One who loathes.
Loathful,Full of loathing; hating; abhorring.
Loathingly,With loathing.
Loathliness,Loathsomeness.
Loathly,Loathsome.
Loathness,Unwillingness; reluctance.
Loathsome,Fitted to cause loathing; exciting disgust; disgusting.
Loathy,Loathsome.
Lob,A dull  heavy person.
Lobbed,of Lob
Lobbing,of Lob
Lobate,Alt. of Lobated
Lobated,Consisting of  or having lobes; lobed; as a lobate leaf.
Lobately,As a lobe; so as to make a lobe; in a lobate manner.
Lobbish,Like a lob; consisting of lobs.
Lobbies,of Lobby
Lobbied,of Lobby
Lobbying,of Lobby
Lobcock,A dull  sluggish person; a lubber; a lob.
Lobed,Having lobes; lobate.
Lobefoot,A bird having lobate toes; esp.  a phalarope.
Lobe-footed,Lobiped.
Lobelet,A small lobe; a lobule.
Lobiped,Having lobate toes  as a coot.
Loblolly,Gruel; porridge; -- so called among seamen.
Lobsided,See Lopsided.
Lobspound,A prison.
Lobular,Like a lobule; pertaining to a lobule or lobules.
Lobulate,Alt. of Lobulated
Lobulated,Made up of  or divided into lobules; as a lobulated gland.
Lobule,A small lobe; a subdivision of a lobe.
Lobulette,A little lobule  or subdivision of a lobule.
Lobworm,The lugworm.
Locale,A place  spot or location.
Localitiees,of Locality
Localization,Act of localizing  or state of being localized.
Localized,of Localize
Localizing,of Localize
Localize,To make local; to fix in  or assign to a definite place.
Located,of Locate
Locating,of Locate
Locate,To place; to set in a particular spot or position.
Location,The act or process of locating.
Loch,A lake; a bay or arm of the sea.
Lochaber ax,Alt. of Lochaber axe
Lochage,An officer who commanded a company; a captain.
Lochan,A small lake; a pond.
Loche,See Loach.
Lochia,The discharge from the womb and vagina which follows childbirth.
Lochial,Of or pertaining to the lochia.
Locked,of Lock
Locking,of Lock
Locked-jaw,See Lockjaw.
Locken,of Lock.
Locker,One who  or that which locks.
Lock hospital,A hospital for the treatment of venereal diseases.
Lockless,Destitute of a lock.
Lockman,A public executioner.
Locksmith,An artificer whose occupation is to make or mend locks.
Lock-weir,A waste weir for a canal  discharging into a lock chamber.
Locky,Having locks or tufts.
Locofoco,A friction match.
Locomotion,The act of moving from place to place.
Locomotiveness,Alt. of Locomotivity
Locomotivity,The power of changing place.
Locomotor,Of or pertaining to movement or locomotion.
Loculament,The cell of a pericarp in which the seed is lodged.
Loculate,Divided into compartments.
Locule,A little hollow; a loculus.
Loculose,Alt. of Loculous
Loculi,of Loculus
Loculus,One of the spaces between the septa in the Anthozoa.
Locum tenens,A substitute or deputy; one filling an office for a time.
Loci,of Locus
Loca,of Locus
Locus,A place; a locality.
Locusta,The spikelet or flower cluster of grasses.
Locustella,The European cricket warbler.
Locusting,Swarming and devastating like locusts.
Locution,Speech or discourse; a phrase; a form or mode of expression.
Lodde,The capelin.
Lode,A water course or way; a reach of water.
Lode-ship,An old name for a pilot boat.
Lodged,of Lodge
Lodging,of Lodge
Lodgement,See Lodgment.
Lodgment,The act of lodging  or the state of being lodged.
Loellingite,A tin-white arsenide of iron  isomorphous with arsenopyrite.
Loeven's larva,The peculiar larva of Polygordius. See Polygordius.
Loffe,To laugh.
Loft,That which is lifted up; an elevation.
Loftily,In a lofty manner or position; haughtily.
Loftiness,The state or quality of being lofty.
Lofty,Lifted high up; having great height; towering; high.
Log,A Hebrew measure of liquids  containing 2.37 gills.
Logged,of Log
Logging,of Log
Logan,A rocking or balanced stone.
Logarithmetic,Alt. of Logarithmetical
Logarithmetical,See Logarithmic.
Logarithmetically,Logarithmically.
Logarithmic,Alt. of Logarithmical
Logarithmical,Of or pertaining to logarithms; consisting of logarithms.
Logarithmically,By the use of logarithms.
Logcock,The pileated woodpecker.
Loge,A lodge; a habitation.
Loggan,See Logan.
Loggat,A small log or piece of wood.
Logge,See Lodge.
Logger,One engaged in logging. See Log  v. i.
Loggerhead,A blockhead; a dunce; a numskull.
Loggerheaded,Dull; stupid.
Loggerheads,The knapweed.
Logicality,Logicalness.
Logically,In a logical manner; as  to argue logically.
Logicalness,The quality of being logical.
Logician,A person skilled in logic.
Logics,See Logic.
Logistic,Alt. of Logistical
Logistical,Logical.
Logmen,of Logman
Logman,A man who carries logs.
Logodaedaly,Verbal legerdemain; a playing with words.
Logographic,Alt. of Logographical
Logographical,Of or pertaining to logography.
Logomachist,One who contends about words.
Logos,A word; reason; speech.
Logroll,To engage in logrolling; to accomplish by logrolling.
Logroller,One who engages in logrolling.
Log-ship,A part of the log. See Log-chip  and 2d Log n. 2.
Logy,Heavy or dull in respect to motion or thought; as  a logy horse.
Lohock,See Loch  a medicine.
Loimic,Of or pertaining to the plague or contagious disorders.
Loir,A large European dormouse (Myoxus glis).
Loitered,of Loiter
Loitering,of Loiter
Loiterer,One who loiters; an idler.
Loiteringly,In a loitering manner.
Lok,Alt. of Loki
Locao,A green vegetable dye imported from China.
Loke,A private path or road; also  the wicket or hatch of a door.
Lokorys,Liquorice.
Lolled,of Loll
Lolling,of Loll
Lollard,One of a sect of early reformers in Germany.
Lollardism,Alt. of Lollardy
Lollardy,The doctrines or principles of the Lollards.
Loller,One who lolls.
Lollingly,In a lolling manner.
Lollipop,A kind of sugar confection which dissolves easily in the mouth.
Lollop,To move heavily; to lounge or idle; to loll.
Lomata,of Loma
Loma,A lobe; a membranous fringe or flap.
Lomatinous,Furnished with lobes or flaps.
Lombard,Of or pertaining to Lombardy  or the inhabitants of Lombardy.
Lombardeer,A pawnbroker.
Lombard-house,Alt. of Lombar-house
Lombar-house,A bank or a pawnbroker's shop.
Lombardic,Of or pertaining to Lombardy of the Lombards.
Lomentaceous,Of the nature of a loment; having fruits like loments.
Lomonite,Same as Laumontite.
Lompish,Lumpish.
Lond,Land.
London,The capital city of England.
Londoner,A native or inhabitant of London.
Lone,A lane. See Loanin.
Loneliness,The condition of being lonely; solitude; seclusion.
Loneness,Solitude; seclusion.
Lonesome,Secluded from society; not frequented by human beings; solitary.
Longed,of Long
Longing,of Long
Longanimity,Disposition to bear injuries patiently; forbearance; patience.
Long-armed,Having long arms; as  the long-armed ape or gibbon.
Long-drawn,Extended to a great length.
Longe,A thrust. See Lunge.
Longer,One who longs for anything.
Longeval,Long-loved; longevous.
Longevity,Long duration of life; length of life.
Longevous,Living a long time; of great age.
Longheaded,Having unusual foresight or sagacity.
Longhorn,A long-horned animal  as a cow goat or beetle. See Long-horned.
Longicorn,Long-horned; pertaining to the Longicornia.
Longiloquence,Long-windedness.
Longimanous,Having long hands.
Longimetry,The art or practice of measuring distances or lengths.
Longingly,With longing.
Longinquity,Greatness of distance; remoteness.
Longipalp,One of a tribe of beetles  having long maxillary palpi.
Longipennate,Having long wings  or quills.
Longipennine,Of or pertaining to the Longipennes; longipennate.
Longirostres,of Longiroster
Longirosters,of Longiroster
Longiroster,One of the Longirostres.
Longirostral,Having a long bill; of or pertaining to the Longirostres.
Longish,Somewhat long; moderately long.
Longitudinally,In the direction of length.
Longlegs,A daddy longlegs.
Longly,With longing desire.
Longness,Length.
Longnose,The European garfish.
Long primer,A kind of type  in size between small pica and bourgeois.
Longshanks,The stilt.
Longshore,Belonging to the seashore or a seaport; along and on the shore.
Longshoremen,of Longshoreman
Long-sight,Long-sightedness.
Longsome,Extended in length; tiresome.
Long-stop,One who is set to stop balls which pass the wicket keeper.
Long-sufferance,Forbearance to punish or resent.
Long-tongue,The wryneck.
Long-tongued,Having a long tongue.
Longulite,A kind of crystallite having a (slender) acicular form.
Longways,Lengthwise.
Longwise,Lengthwise.
Looed,of Loo
Looing,of Loo
Loob,The clay or slimes washed from tin ore in dressing.
Loobily,Loobylike; awkward.
Loobies,of Looby
Looby,An awkward  clumsy fellow; a lubber.
Looch,See 2d Loch.
Looked,of Look
Looking,of Look
Lookdown,See Moonfish (b).
Looker,One who looks.
Lookout,A careful looking or watching for any object or event.
Lool,A vessel used to receive the washings of ores of metals.
Loom,See Loon  the bird.
Loomed,of Loom
Looming,of Loom
Loom-gale,A gentle gale of wind.
Loon,A sorry fellow; a worthless person; a rogue.
Loony,See Luny.
Looped,of Loop
Looping,of Loop
Loopholed,Provided with loopholes.
Loopie,Deceitful; cunning; sly.
Loord,A dull  stupid fellow; a drone.
Loos,Praise; fame; reputation.
Loosed,of Loose
Loosing,of Loose
Loosely,In a loose manner.
Loosened,of Loosen
Loosening,of Loosen
Loosener,One who  or that which loosens.
Loosish,Somewhat loose.
Loot,The act of plundering.
Looted,of Loot
Looting,of Loot
Looter,A plunderer.
Loover,See Louver.
Lop,A flea.
Lopped,of Lop
Lopping,of Lop
Lope,of Leap.
Loped,of Lope
Loping,of Lope
Lopeared,Having ears which lop or hang down.
Lopeman,Leaper; ropedancer.
Loper,One who  or that which lopes; esp. a horse that lopes.
Lophobranch,Of or pertaining to the Lophobranchii.
Lophobranchiate,Of or pertaining to the Lophobranchii.
Lophopoda,Same as Phylactolemata.
Lophostea,of Lophosteon
Lophosteons,of Lophosteon
Lophosteon,The central keel-bearing part of the sternum in birds.
Loppard,A tree  the top of which has been lopped off.
Lopper,One who lops or cuts off.
Loppered,of Lopper
Loppering,of Lopper
Loppy,Somewhat lop; inclined to lop.
Loquacious,Given to continual talking; talkative; garrulous.
Loquaciously,In a loquacious manner.
Loquaciousness,Loquacity.
Loral,Of or pertaining to the lores.
Lorate,Having the form of a thong or strap; ligulate.
Lord,A hump-backed person; -- so called sportively.
Lorded,of Lord
Lording,of Lord
Lordkin,A little lord.
Lordlike,Befitting or like a lord; lordly.
Lordliness,The state or quality of being lordly.
Lordling,A little or insignificant lord.
Lordolatry,Worship of  or reverence for a lord as such.
Lordosis,A curvature of the spine forwards  usually in the lumbar region.
Loreal,Alt. of Loral
Lorel,A good for nothing fellow; a vagabond.
Loren,of Lose.
Loresman,An instructor.
Lorgnette,An opera glass
Lori,Same as Lory.
Loricae,of Lorica
Loricated,of Loricate
Loricating,of Loricate
Lorimer,Alt. of Loriner
Loring,Instructive discourse.
Loriot,The golden oriole of Europe. See Oriole.
Lorn,Lost; undone; ruined.
Lorries,of Lorry
Lorrie,Alt. of Lorry
Lories,of Lory
Los,Praise. See Loos.
Losable,Such as can be lost.
Losange,See Lozenge.
Losing,of Lose
Losel,One who loses by sloth or neglect; a worthless person; a lorel.
Losenger,A flatterer; a deceiver; a cozener.
Losengerie,Flattery; deceit; trickery.
Loser,One who loses.
Losingly,In a manner to incur loss.
Lossful,Detrimental.
Lossless,Free from loss.
Lotted,of Lot
Lotting,of Lot
Loth,Alt. of Lothsome
Lothly,Alt. of Lothsome
Lothsome,See Loath  Loathly etc.
Lothario,A gay seducer of women; a libertine.
Loto,See Lotto.
Lotong,An East Indian monkey (Semnopithecus femoralis).
Lotos,See Lotus.
Lotteries,of Lottery
Loture,See Lotion.
Lotus-eater,Alt. of Lotos-eater
Loudful,Noisy.
Loudly,In a loud manner.
Loudness,The quality or state of being loud.
Loud-voiced,Having a loud voice; noisy; clamorous.
Lough,A loch or lake; -- so spelt in Ireland.
Louk,An accomplice; a pal.
Lounged,of Lounge
Lounging,of Lounge
Lounger,One who lounges; ar idler.
Loup,See 1st Loop.
Loup-cervier,The Canada lynx. See Lynx.
Loup-loup,The Pomeranian or Spitz dog.
Lour,An Asiatic sardine (Clupea Neohowii)  valued for its oil.
Louri,See Lory.
Lousily,In a lousy manner; in a mean  paltry manner; scurvily.
Lousiness,The state or quality of being lousy.
Lousy,Infested with lice.
Lout,To bend; to box; to stoop.
Loutish,Clownish; rude; awkward.
Loutou,A crested black monkey (Semnopithecus maurus) of Java.
Louver,Alt. of Louvre
Louvre,A small lantern. See Lantern  2 (a).
Loved,of Love
Loving,of Love
Loveable,See Lovable.
Love-drury,Affection.
Lovee,One who is loved.
Loveful,Full of love.
Loveless,Void of love; void of tenderness or kindness.
Lovelily,In manner to excite love; amiably.
Loveliness,The state or quality of being lovely.
Lovelorn,Forsaken by one's love.
Love-making,Courtship.
Lovemonger,One who deals in affairs of love.
Lovery,See Louver.
Loverwise,As lovers do.
Love-sick,Languishing with love or amorous desire; as  a love-sick maid.
Love-sickness,The state of being love-sick.
Lovesome,Lovely.
Loving-kindness,Tender regard; mercy; favor.
Lovingly,With love; affectionately.
Lovingness,Affection; kind regard.
Lovyer,A lover.
Low,strong imp. of Laugh.
Lowed,of Low
Lowing,of Low
Lowborn,Born in a low condition or rank; -- opposed to highborn.
Low-churchism,The principles of the low-church party.
Low-churchman,One who holds low-church principles.
Low-churchmanship,The state of being a low-churchman.
Lower,Compar. of Low  a.
Lowered,of Lower
Lowering,of Lower
Loweringly,In a lowering manner; with cloudiness or threatening gloom.
Lowermost,Lowest.
Lowery,Cloudy; gloomy; lowering; as  a lowery sky; lowery weather.
Lowgh,Alt. of Lowh
Lowh,strong imp. of Laugh.
Lowish,Somewhat low.
Lowk,See Louk.
Lowlihood,Alt. of Lowlihead
Lowlihead,A lowly state.
Lowlily,In a lowly place or manner; humbly.
Lowly,Not high; not elevated in place; low.
Low-minded,Inclined in mind to low or unworthy things; showing a base mind.
Low-mindedness,The quality of being lowminded; meanness; baseness.
Lown,A low fellow.
Low-necked,Cut low in the neck; decollete; -- said of a woman's dress.
Lowness,The state or quality of being low.
Low-pressure,Having  employing or exerting a low degree of pressure.
Lowry,An open box car used on railroads. Compare Lorry.
Loxodromic,Pertaining to sailing on rhumb lines; as  loxodromic tables.
Loxodromics,The art or method of sailing on the loxodromic or rhumb line.
Loxodromy,The science of loxodromics.
Loy,A long  narrow spade for stony lands.
Loyally,In a loyal manner; faithfully.
Loyalness,Loyalty.
Lozenged,Alt. of Lozenge-shaped
Lozenge-shaped,Having the form of a lozenge or rhomb.
Lu,See Loo.
Lubbard,A lubber.
Lubber,A heavy  clumsy or awkward fellow; a sturdy drone; a clown.
Lubberly,Like a lubber; clumsy.
Lubric,Alt. of Lubrical
Lubrical,Having a smooth surface; slippery.
Lubricant,Lubricating.
Lubrication,The act of lubricating; the act of making slippery.
Lubricator,One who  or that which lubricates.
Lubricitate,See Lubricate.
Lubricous,Lubric.
Lubrification,Alt. of Lubrifaction
Lubrifaction,The act of lubricating  or making smooth.
Lucarne,A dormer window.
Luce,A pike when full grown.
Lucency,The quality of being lucent.
Lucent,Shining; bright; resplendent.
Lucern,A sort of hunting dog; -- perhaps from Lucerne  in Switzerland.
Lucernal,Of or pertaining to a lamp.
Lucernarian,Of or pertaining to the Lucernarida.
Lucerne,See Lucern  the plant.
Lucid,Shining; bright; resplendent; as  the lucid orbs of heaven.
Lucidity,The quality or state of being lucid.
Lucidly,In a lucid manner.
Lucidness,The quality of being lucid; lucidity.
Luciferous,Giving light; affording light or means of discovery.
Luciferously,In a luciferous manner.
Lucific,Producing light.
Luciform,Having  in some respects the nature of light; resembling light.
Lucifrian,Luciferian; satanic.
Lucky proach,See Fatherlasher.
Lucratively,In a lucrative manner.
Lucriferous,Gainful; profitable.
Lucrific,Producing profit; gainful.
Luctation,Effort to overcome in contest; struggle; endeavor.
Luctual,Producing grief; saddening.
Lucubrated,of Lucubrate
Lucubrate,To study by candlelight or a lamp; to study by night.
Lucubrator,One who studies by night; also  one who produces lucubrations.
Luculent,Lucid; clear; transparent.
Luculently,In a luculent manner; clearly.
Ludibrious,Sportive; ridiculous; wanton.
Ludibund,Sportive.
Ludicrous,Adapted to excite laughter  without scorn or contempt; sportive.
Ludification,The act of deriding.
Ludificatory,Making sport; tending to excite derision.
Lues,Disease  especially of a contagious kind.
Luff,The side of a ship toward the wind.
Luffed,of Luff
Luffing,of Luff
Luffer,See Louver.
Lug,The ear  or its lobe.
Lugged,of Lug
Lugging,of Lug
Lugmark,A mark cut into the ear of an animal to identify it; an earmark.
Luke,Moderately warm; not hot; tepid.
Lulled,of Lull
Lulling,of Lull
lullaby,A song to quiet babes or lull them to sleep; that which quiets.
Luller,One who  or that which lulls.
Lullingly,In a lulling manner; soothingly.
Lum,A chimney.
Lumachel,Alt. of Lumachella
Lumbaginous,Of or pertaining to lumbago.
Lumbago,A rheumatic pain in the loins and the small of the back.
Lumbar,Alt. of Lumbal
Lumbal,Of  pertaining to or near the loins; as the lumbar arteries.
Lumbered,of Lumber
Lumbering,of Lumber
Lumbermen,of Lumberman
Lumberman,One who is engaged in lumbering as a business or employment.
Lumbric,An earthworm  or a worm resembling an earthworm.
Lumbriciform,Resembling an earthworm; vermiform.
Luminant,Luminous.
Luminaries,of Luminary
Luminate,To illuminate.
Lumination,Illumination.
Lumine,To illumine.
Luminosity,The quality or state of being luminous; luminousness.
Lummox,A fat  ungainly stupid person; an awkward bungler.
Lumped,of Lump
Lumping,of Lump
Lumper,The European eelpout; -- called also lumpen.
Lumpish,Like a lump; inert; gross; heavy; dull; spiritless.
Lumpsucker,The lumprish.
Lumpy,Full of lumps  or small compact masses.
Luna,The moon.
Lunacies,of Lunacy
Lunar,Of or pertaining to the moon; as  lunar observations.
Lunarian,An inhabitant of the moon.
Lunary,Lunar.
Lunate,Alt. of Lunated
Lunatic,Affected by lunacy; insane; mad.
Lunched,of Lunch
Lunching,of Lunch
Luncheon,A lump of food.
Lune,Anything in the shape of a half moon.
Lunet,A little moon or satellite.
Lung,An organ for aerial respiration; -- commonly in the plural.
Lunge,A sudden thrust or pass  as with a sword.
Lunged,of Lunge
Lunging,of Lunge
Lung-grown,Having lungs that adhere to the pleura.
Lungie,A guillemot.
Lungis,A lingerer; a dull  drowsy fellow.
Lungless,Being without lungs.
Luniform,Resembling the moon in shape.
Lunitidal,Pertaining to tidal movements dependent on the moon.
Lunt,The match cord formerly used in firing cannon.
Lunulae,of Lunula
Lunula,Same as Lunule.
Lunular,Having a form like that of the new moon; shaped like a crescent.
Lunulate,Alt. of Lunulated
Lunulated,Resembling a small crescent.
Luny,Crazy; mentally unsound.
Lupercal,Of or pertaining to the Lupercalia.
Lupercalia,A feast of the Romans in honor of Lupercus  or Pan.
Lupulin,A bitter principle extracted from hops.
Lupuline,An alkaloid extracted from hops as a colorless volatile liquid.
Lupus,A cutaneous disease occurring under two distinct forms.
Lurcation,Gluttony; gormandizing.
Lurch,To swallow or eat greedily; to devour; hence  to swallow up.
Lurched,of Lurch
Lurching,of Lurch
Lurdan,Stupid; blockish.
Lured,of Lure
Luring,of Lure
Lurid,Pale yellow; ghastly pale; wan; gloomy; dismal.
Lurked,of Lurk
Lurking,of Lurk
Lurk,To lie hid; to lie in wait.
Lurker,One who lurks.
Lurry,A confused heap; a throng  as of persons; a jumble as of sounds.
Lusern,A lynx. See 1st Lucern and Loup-cervier.
Lush,Full of juice or succulence.
Lushburg,See Lussheburgh.
Lusk,Lazy; slothful.
Luskish,Inclined to be lazy.
Lusorious,Alt. of Lusory
Lusory,Used in play; sportive; playful.
Lust,Pleasure.
Lusted,of Lust
Lusting,of Lust
Luster,One who lusts.
Luster Lustre,A period of five years; a lustrum.
Lustre,Brilliancy; splendor; brightness; glitter.
Lustred,of Lustre
Lustering,of Lustre
Lustring,of Lustre
Lusterless,Alt. of Lustreless
Lustreless,Destitute of luster; dim; dull.
Lustful,Full of lust; excited by lust.
Lustic,Lusty; vigorous.
Lustihead,See Lustihood.
Lustihood,State of being lusty; vigor of body.
Lustily,In a lusty or vigorous manner.
Lustiness,State of being lusty; vigor; strength.
Lustless,Lacking vigor; weak; spiritless.
Lustrated,of Lustrate
Lustrating,of Lustrate
Lustration,The act of lustrating or purifying.
Lustrical,Pertaining to  or used for purification.
Lustrous,Bright; shining; luminous.
Lustrums,of Lustrum
Lustra,of Lustrum
Lustwort,See Sundew.
Lusus naturae,Sport or freak of nature; a deformed or unnatural production.
Lutanist,A person that plays on the lute.
Lutarious,Of  pertaining to or like mud; living in mud.
Lutation,The act or method of luting vessels.
Luted,of Lute
Luting,of Lute
Lute-backed,Having a curved spine.
Luteic,Pertaining to  or derived from weld (Reseda luteola).
Lutenist,Same as Lutanist.
Luteo-,A combining form signifying orange yellow or brownish yellow.
Luteous,Yellowish; more or less like buff.
Luter,One who plays on a lute.
Lutescent,Of a yellowish color.
Luth,The leatherback.
Lutheranism,Alt. of Lutherism
Lutherism,The doctrines taught by Luther or held by the Lutheran Church.
Luthern,A dormer window. See Dormer.
Lutist,One who plays on a lute.
Lutose,Covered with clay; miry.
Lutulence,The state or quality of being lutulent.
Lutulent,Muddy; turbid; thick.
Luwack,See Paradoxure.
Lux,To put out of joint; to luxate.
Luxate,Luxated.
Luxated,of Luxate
Luxating,of Luxate
Luxe,Luxury.
Luxive,Given to luxury; voluptuous.
Luxuriancy,The state or quality of being luxuriant; luxuriance.
Luxuriantly,In a luxuriant manner.
Luxuriated,of Luxuriate
Luxuriating,of Luxuriate
Luxuriate,To grow exuberantly; to grow to superfluous abundance.
Luxuriation,The act or process luxuriating.
Luxuriety,Luxuriance.
Luxurist,One given to luxury.
Luxuries,of Luxury
Lyam,A leash.
Lycanthropia,See Lycanthropy  2.
Lycanthropic,Pertaining to lycanthropy.
Lycanthropist,One affected by the disease lycanthropy.
Lycanthropous,Lycanthropic.
Lyceums,of Lyceum
Lycea,of Lyceum
Lyche,Like.
Lychee,See Litchi.
Lych gate,See under Lich.
Lychnobite,One who labors at night and sleeps in the day.
Lychnoscope,Same as Low side window  under Low a.
Lycopod,A plant of the genus Lycopodium.
Lycopode,Same as Lycopodium powder. See under Lycopodium.
Lycopodite,An old name for a fossil club moss.
Lycotropous,Campylotropous.
Lyden,See Leden.
Lydine,A violet dye derived from aniline.
Lyencephalous,Pertaining to  or characteristic of the Lyencephala.
Lyerman,The cicada.
Lying-in,The state attending  and consequent to childbirth; confinement.
Lyingly,In a lying manner; falsely.
Lyken,To please; -- chiefly used impersonally.
Lym,Alt. of Lymhound
Lymhound,A dog held in a leam; a bloodhound; a limehound.
Lymail,See Limaille.
Lymphadenitis,Inflammation of the lymphatic glands; -- called also lymphitis.
Lymphadenoma,See Lymphoma.
Lymphangeitis,Inflammation of the lymphatic vessels.
Lymphate,Alt. of Lymphated
Lymphated,Frightened into madness; raving.
Lymphatic,pertaining to  containing or conveying lymph.
Lymphitis,See Lymphadenitis.
Lymphogenic,Connected with  or formed in the lymphatic glands.
Lymphography,A description of the lymphatic vessels  their origin and uses.
Lymphy,Containing  or like lymph.
Lyn,A waterfall. See Lin.
Lyncean,Of or pertaining to the lynx.
Lynched,of Lynch
Lynching,of Lynch
Lyncher,One who assists in lynching.
Lynde,Alt. of Lynden
Lynden,See Linden.
Lyne,Linen.
Lynx-eyed,Having acute sight.
Lyraid,Same as Lyrid.
Lyrate,Alt. of Lyrated
Lyric,Alt. of Lyrical
Lyrical,Of or pertaining to a lyre or harp.
Lyrically,In a lyrical manner.
Lyricism,A lyric composition.
Lyriferous,Having a lyre-shaped shoulder girdle  as certain fishes.
Lyrism,The act of playing on a lyre or harp.
Lyssa,Hydrophobia.
Lyterian,Terminating a disease; indicating the end of a disease.
Lythe,The European pollack; -- called also laith  and leet.
Lythonthriptic,Alt. of Lythontriptic
Lythontriptic,See Lithontriptic.
Lyttae,of Lytta
Ma,A child's word for mother.
Maad,Made.
Maalin,The sparrow hawk.
Maat,Dejected; sorrowful; downcast.
Mad,A slattern.
Mabble,To wrap up.
Mac,A prefix  in names of Scotch origin signifying son.
Macadamization,The process or act of macadamizing.
Macadamized,of Macadamize
Macadamizing,of Macadamize
Maoadam road,A macadamized road.
Macao,A macaw.
Macarize,To congratulate.
Macaronis,of Macaroni
Macaronies,of Macaroni
Macaronian,Alt. of Macaronic
Macartney,A fire-backed pheasant. See Fireback.
Maccaboy,Alt. of Maccoboy
Maccoboy,A kind of snuff.
Macco,A gambling game in vogue in the eighteenth century.
Macedonian,Belonging  or relating to Macedonia.
Macedonianism,The doctrines of Macedonius.
Macer,A mace bearer; an officer of a court.
Macerated,of Macerate
Macerating,of Macerate
Macerate,To make lean; to cause to waste away.
Maceration,The act or process of macerating.
Machaerodus,Alt. of Machairodus
Machiavelism,Alt. of Machiavelianism
Machicolated,Having machicolations.
Machicoulis,Same as Machicolation.
Machinal,Of or pertaining to machines.
Machinated,of Machinate
Machinating,of Machinate
Machination,The act of machinating.
Machined,of Machine
Machining,of Machine
Machiner,One who or operates a machine; a machinist.
Machinery,Machines  in general or collectively.
Macho,The striped mullet of California (Mugil cephalus  / Mexicanus).
Macilency,Leanness.
Macilent,Lean; thin.
Macintosh,Same as Mackintosh.
Mackerel,A pimp; also  a bawd.
Mackinaw blanket,Alt. of Mackinaw
Mackle,Same Macule.
Macled,Marked like macle (chiastolite).
Maclurin,See Morintannic.
Macrencephalic,Alt. of Macrencephalous
Macrencephalous,Having a large brain.
Macrobiotic,Long-lived.
Macrobiotics,The art of prolonging life.
Macrocephalous,Having a large head.
Macrocosmic,Of or pertaining to the macrocosm.
Macrodactylic,Alt. of Macrodactylous
Macrodactylous,Having long toes.
Macrodont,Having large teeth.
Macrofarad,See Megafarad.
Macroglossia,Enlargement or hypertrophy of the tongue.
Macrognathic,Long-jawed.
Macropetalous,Having long or large petals.
Macrophyllous,Having long or large leaves.
Macropodal,Having long or large feet  or a long stem.
Macropodian,A macropod.
Macropodous,Having long legs or feet.
Macropteres,A division of birds; the Longipennes.
Macropterous,Having long wings.
Macropus,genus of marsupials including the common kangaroo.
Macropyramid,See Macroprism.
Macroscopic,Alt. of Macroscopical
Macroscopical,Visible to the unassisted eye; -- as opposed to microscopic.
Macrosporic,Of or pertaining to macrospores.
Macrotone,Same as Macron.
Macrotous,Large-eared.
Macroura,Alt. of Macroural
Macroural,Same as Macrura  Macrural etc.
Macrural,Same as Macrurous.
Macruran,One of the Macrura.
Macruroid,Like or pertaining to the Macrura.
Macrurous,Of or pertaining to the Macrura; having a long tail.
Mactation,The act of killing a victim for sacrifice.
Maculae,of Macula
Maculate,To spot; to stain; to blur.
Maculated,Having spots or blotches; maculate.
Maculation,The act of spotting; a spot; a blemish.
Maculatory,Causing a spot or stain.
Maculature,Blotting paper.
Macule,A spot.
Maculose,Of or pertaining to spots upon a surface; spotted; maculate.
Madded,of Mad
Madding,of Mad
Madams,of Madam
Mesdames,of Madam
Mad-apple,See Eggplant.
Madbrain,Hot-headed; rash.
Madbrained,Disordered in mind; hot-headed.
Maddened,of Madden
Maddening,of Madden
Maddish,Somewhat mad.
Made,See Mad  n.
Madecass,Alt. of Madecassee
Madefaction,Alt. of Madefication
Madefied,of Madefy
Madefying,of Madefy
Madefy,To make wet or moist.
Madegassy,See Madecassee.
Madeira,A rich wine made on the Island of Madeira.
Mesdemoiselles,of Mademoiselle
Madge,The barn owl.
Mad-headed,Wild; crack-brained.
Madid,Wet; moist; as  a madid eye.
Madisterium,An instrument to extract hairs.
Madly,In a mad manner; without reason or understanding; wildly.
Madmen,of Madman
Madman,A man who is mad; lunatic; a crazy person.
Madnep,The masterwort (Peucedanum Ostruthium).
Madness,The condition of being mad; insanity; lunacy.
Madreperl,Mother-of-pearl.
Madreporian,Alt. of Madreporic
Madreporic,Resembling  or pertaining to the genus Madrepora.
Madreporiform,Resembling a madreporian coral in form or structure.
Madreporite,A fossil coral.
Madrier,A thick plank  used for several mechanical purposes
Madrigaler,A madrigalist.
Madrigalist,A composer of madrigals.
Madrilenian,Of or pertaining to Madrid in Spain  or to its inhabitants.
Maegbote,Alt. of Magbote
Magbote,Compensation for the injury done by slaying a kinsman.
Maelstrom,A celebrated whirlpool on the coast of Norway.
Maenad,A Bacchante; a priestess or votary of Bacchus.
Maestricht monitor,The Mosasaurus Hofmanni. See Mosasaurus.
Maestro,A master in any art  especially in music; a composer.
Maffle,To stammer.
Maffler,A stammerer.
Magazined,of Magazine
Magazining,of Magazine
Magaziner,One who edits or writes for a magazine.
Magazinist,One who edits or writes for a magazine.
Magdalen,A reformed prostitute.
Magdaleon,A medicine in the form of a roll  a esp. a roll of plaster.
Magdeburg,A city of Saxony.
Mage,A magician.
Magellanic,Of or pertaining to  or named from Magellan the navigator.
Magged,Worn; fretted; as  a magged brace.
Maggot,The footless larva of any fly. See Larval.
Maggotiness,State of being maggoty.
Maggotish,Full of whims or fancies; maggoty.
Maggot-pie,A magpie.
Maggoty,Infested with maggots.
Maghet,A name for daisies and camomiles of several kinds.
Magian,Of or pertaining to the Magi.
Magically,In a magical manner; by magic  or as if by magic.
Magilp,Alt. of Magilph
Magilph,See Megilp.
Magisteriality,Magisterialness; authoritativeness.
Magisterially,In a magisterial manner.
Magisterialness,The quality or state of being magisterial.
Magistracies,of Magistracy
Magistracy,The office or dignity of a magistrate.
Magistral,Pertaining to a master; magisterial; authoritative; dogmatic.
Magistrality,Magisterialness; arbitrary dogmatism.
Magistrally,In a magistral manner.
Magistratic,Alt. of Magistratical
Magistrature,Magistracy.
Magnality,A great act or event; a great attainment.
Magnanimously,In a magnanimous manner; with greatness of mind.
Magnes,Magnet.
Magnesic,Pertaining to  or containing magnesium; as magnesic oxide.
Magnetic,Alt. of Magnetical
Magnetically,By or as by  magnetism.
Magneticalness,Quality of being magnetic.
Magnetician,One versed in the science of magnetism; a magnetist.
Maneticness,Magneticalness.
Magnetics,The science of magnetism.
Magnetiferous,Producing or conducting magnetism.
Magnetist,One versed in magnetism.
Magnetizable,Capable of magnetized.
Magnetization,The act of magnetizing  or the state of being magnetized.
Magnetized,of Magnetize
Magnetizing,of Magnetize
Magnetizee,A person subjected to the influence of animal magnetism.
Magnetizer,One who  or that which imparts magnetism.
Magneto-electric,Alt. of Magneto-electrical
Magneto-electricity,Electricity evolved by the action of magnets.
Magnifiable,Such as can be magnified  or extolled.
Magnific,Alt. of Magnifical
Magnifical,Grand; splendid; illustrious; magnificent.
Magnificate,To magnify or extol.
Magnification,The act of magnifying; enlargement; exaggeration.
Magnificently,In a Magnificent manner.
Magnificoes,of Magnifico
Magnifico,A grandee or nobleman of Venice; -- so called in courtesy.
Magnifier,One who  or that which magnifies.
Magnified,of Magnify
Magnifying,of Magnify
Magniloquous,Magniloquent.
Magnum,A large wine bottle.
Magot,The Barbary ape.
Magot-pie,A magpie.
Maguari,A South American stork (Euxenara maguari)  having a forked tail.
Maguey,The century plant  a species of Agave (A. Americana). See Agave.
Maha,A kind of baboon; the wanderoo.
Mahabarata,Alt. of Mahabharatam
Mahl-stick,See Maul-stick.
Maholi,A South African lemur (Galago maholi)  having very large ears.
Mahomedan,Alt. of Mahometan
Mahometan,See Mohammedan.
Mahometanism,See Mohammedanism.
Mahometanized,of Mahometanize
Mahometanizing,of Mahometanize
Mahometanize,To convert to the religion of Mohammed; to Mohammedanize.
Mahometism,See Mohammedanism.
Mahometist,A Mohammedan.
Mahometry,Mohammedanism.
Mahone,A large Turkish ship.
Mahoohoo,The African white two-horned rhinoceros (Atelodus simus).
Mahout,The keeper and driver of an elephant.
Mahumetan,Alt. of Mahumetanism
Mahumetanism,See Mohammedan  Mohammedanism.
Maian,Any spider crab of the genus Maia  or family Maiadae.
Maidenhead,The state of being a maiden; maidenhood; virginity.
Maidenhood,The state of being a maid or a virgin; virginity.
Maidenlike,Like a maiden; modest; coy.
Maidenship,Maidenhood.
Maidhood,Maidenhood.
Maidpale,Pale  like a sick girl.
Maidservant,A female servant.
Maid's hair,The yellow bedstraw (Galium verum).
Maieutic,Alt. of Maieutical
Maieutical,Serving to assist childbirth.
Maiger,The meagre.
Maigre,Belonging to a fast day or fast; as  a maigre day.
Maihem,See Maim  and Mayhem.
Mail,A spot.
Mailed,of Mail
Mailing,of Mail
Mailable,Admissible lawfully into the mail.
Mailclad,Protected by a coat of mail; clad in armor.
Mail-shell,A chiton.
Maimed,of Maim
Maiming,of Maim
Maimedly,In a maimed manner.
Maimedness,State of being maimed.
Main,A hand or match at dice.
Maine,One of the New England States.
Mainly,Very strongly; mightily; to a great degree.
Mainmast,The principal mast in a ship or other vessel.
Mainor,A thing stolen found on the person of the thief.
Mainpin,A kingbolt.
Mainprised,of Mainprise
Mainprising,of Mainprise
Mains,The farm attached to a mansion house.
Mainsail,The principal sail in a ship or other vessel.
Mainstay,The stay extending from the foot of the foremast to the maintop.
Mainswear,To swear falsely.
Maintained,of Maintain
Maintaining,of Maintain
Maintainable,That maybe maintained.
Maintainer,One who maintains.
Maioid,Of or pertaining to the genus Maia  or family Maiadeae.
Maister,Master.
Maistre,Alt. of Maistry
Maistrie,Alt. of Maistry
Maistry,Mastery; superiority; art. See Mastery.
Maistress,Mistress.
Maithes,Same as Maghet.
Majestatic,Alt. of Majestatal
Majestatal,Majestic.
Majestical,Majestic.
Majesticness,The quality or state of being majestic.
Majesties,of Majesty
Majorate,The office or rank of a major.
Majoration,Increase; enlargement.
Majorcan,Of or pertaining to Majorca.
Majorities,of Majority
Majority,The quality or condition of being major or greater; superiority.
Majorship,The office of major.
Majoun,See Madjoun.
Makable,Capable of being made.
Makaron,See Macaroon  2.
Make,A companion; a mate; often  a husband or a wife.
Making,of Make
Makebate,One who excites contentions and quarrels.
Make-belief,A feigning to believe; make believe.
Maked,Made.
Make-game,An object of ridicule; a butt.
Makeless,Matchless.
Make-peace,A peacemaker.
Makeshift,That with which one makes shift; a temporary expedient.
Maki,A lemur. See Lemur.
Mala,Evils; wrongs; offenses against right and law.
Malacatune,See Melocoton.
Malacca,A town and district upon the seacoast of the Malay Peninsula.
Malacissant,Softening; relaxing.
Malacissation,The act of making soft or supple.
Malacolite,A variety of pyroxene.
Malacologist,One versed in the science of malacology.
Malacopterygian,One of the Malacopterygii.
Malacopterygious,Belonging to the Malacopterygii.
Malacostomous,Having soft jaws without teeth  as certain fishes.
Malacostracan,One of the Malacostraca.
Malacostracous,Belonging to the Malacostraca.
Malacotoon,See Melocoton.
Malacozoic,Of or pertaining to the Malacozoa.
Maladjustment,A bad adjustment.
Maladroit,Of a quality opposed to adroitness; clumsy; awkward; unskillful.
Maladies,of Malady
Malagash,Same as Malagasy.
Malagasy,A native or natives of Madagascar; also (sing.)  the language.
Malamate,A salt of malamic acid.
Malapert,Bold; forward; impudent; saucy; pert.
Malapropism,A grotesque misuse of a word; a word so used.
Malapropos,Unseasonable or unseasonably; unsuitable or unsuitably.
Malarial,Alt. of Malarious
Malarian,Alt. of Malarious
Malarious,Of or pertaining  to or infected by malaria.
Malashaganay,The fresh-water drumfish (Haploidonotus grunniens).
Malate,A salt of malic acid.
Malax,Alt. of Malaxate
Malaxate,To soften by kneading or stirring with some thinner substance.
Malayan,Of or pertaining to the Malays or their country.
Malbrouck,A West African arboreal monkey (Cercopithecus cynosurus).
Malcontented,Malcontent.
Male-,See Mal-.
Male,Evil; wicked; bad.
Naleadministration,Maladministration.
Maleate,A salt of maleic acid.
Maleconformation,Malconformation.
Malecontent,Malcontent.
Maledicency,Evil speaking.
Maledicent,Speaking reproachfully; slanderous.
Maledict,Accursed; abominable.
Malefaction,A crime; an offense; an evil deed.
Malefactress,A female malefactor.
Malefeasance,See Malfeasance.
Malefic,Doing mischief; causing harm or evil; nefarious; hurtful.
Malefice,An evil deed; artifice; enchantment.
Maleficence,Evil doing  esp. to others.
Maleficent,Doing evil to others; harmful; mischievous.
Maleficial,Injurious.
Maleficiate,To bewitch; to harm.
Maleficiation,A bewitching.
Maleficience,The doing of evil  harm or mischief.
Maleficient,Doing evil  harm or mischief.
Maleformation,See Malformation.
Malengine,Evil machination; guile; deceit.
Male-odor,See Malodor.
Malepractice,See Malpractice.
Male-spirited,Having the spirit of a male; vigorous; courageous.
Malet,A little bag or budget.
Maletreat,See Maltreat.
Malevolently,In a malevolent manner.
Malevolous,Malevolent.
Malexecution,Bad execution.
Maleyl,A hypothetical radical derived from maleic acid.
Malgracious,Not graceful; displeasing.
Malgre,See Mauger.
Malic,Pertaining to  or obtained from apples; as malic acid.
Malicho,Mischief.
Malicious,Indulging or exercising malice; harboring ill will or enmity.
Maligned,of Malign
Maligning,of Malign
Malignance,Alt. of Malignancy
Malignantly,In a malignant manner.
Maligner,One who maligns.
Malignified,of Malignify
Malignifying,of Malignify
Malignify,To make malign or malignant.
Malignly,In a malign manner; with malignity.
MAlingered,of Malinger
Malingering,of Malinger
Malinger,To act the part of a malingerer; to feign illness or inability.
Malingery,The spirit or practices of a malingerer; malingering.
Malison,Malediction; curse; execration.
Malkin,Originally  a kitchenmaid; a slattern.
Malled,of Mall
Malling,of Mall
Mallard,A drake; the male of Anas boschas.
Malleableize,To make malleable.
Malleableness,Quality of being malleable.
Malleal,Pertaining to the malleus.
Malleated,of Malleate
Malleating,of Malleate
Malleate,To hammer; to beat into a plate or leaf.
Mallecho,Same as Malicho.
Mallee bird,The leipoa. See Leipoa.
Mallemock,Alt. of Mallemoke
Mallemoke,See Mollemoke.
Mallenders,Same as Malanders.
Malleoli,of Malleolus
Mallei,of Malleus
Mallow,Alt. of Mallows
Mallowwort,Any plant of the order Malvaceae.
Malm,Alt. of Malmbrick
Malmag,The tarsius  or spectral lemur.
Malmsey,A kind of sweet wine from Crete  the Canary Islands etc.
Malnutrition,Faulty or imperfect nutrition.
Malobservation,Erroneous observation.
Malodor,An Offensive to the sense of smell; ill-smelling.
Malonate,At salt of malonic acid.
Malonyl,A hydrocarbon radical  CH2.(CO)2 from malonic acid.
Malposition,A wrong position.
Malted,of Malt
Malting,of Malt
Maltalent,Ill will; malice.
Maltese,Of or pertaining to Malta or to its inhabitants.
Mathusian,A follower of Malthus.
Malthusianism,The system of Malthusian doctrines relating to population.
Maltin,Alt. of Maltine
Maltmen,of Maltman
Maltman,A man whose occupation is to make malt.
Maltreated,of Maltreat
Maltreating,of Maltreat
Maltreat,To treat ill; to abuse; to treat roughly.
Maltreament,Ill treatment; ill usage; abuse.
Maltster,A maltman.
Maltworm,A tippler.
Malty,Consisting  or like malt.
Malum,An evil. See Mala.
Malvesie,Malmsey wine. See Malmsey.
Mam,Mamma.
Mama,See Mamma.
Mamaluke,Same as Mameluke.
Mamelon,A rounded hillock; a rounded elevation or protuberance.
Mameluco,A child born of a white father and Indian mother.
Mamillated,See Mammillated.
Mamma,Mother; -- word of tenderness and familiarity.
Mammae,of Mamma
Mammals,of Mammal
Mammal,One of the Mammalia.
Mammalian,Of or pertaining to the Mammalia or mammals.
Mammaliferous,Containing mammalian remains; -- said of certain strata.
Mammalogical,Of or pertaining to mammalogy.
Mammalogist,One versed in mammalogy.
Mammer,To hesitate; to mutter doubtfully.
Mammet,An idol; a puppet; a doll.
Mammetry,See Mawmetry.
Mammifer,A mammal. See Mammalia.
Mammiferous,Having breasts; of  pertaining to or derived from the Mammalia.
Mammiform,Having the form of a mamma (breast) or mammae.
Mammilae,of Mammilla
Mammilla,The nipple.
Mammillate,Alt. of Mammillated
Mammilliform,Having the form of a mammilla.
Mammilloid,Like a mammilla or nipple; mammilliform.
Mammock,A shapeless piece; a fragment.
Mammodis,Coarse plain India muslins.
Mammology,Mastology. See Mammalogy.
Mammon,Riches; wealth; the god of riches; riches  personified.
Mammonism,Devotion to the pursuit of wealth; worldliness.
Mammonist,A mammonite.
Mammonize,To make mammonish.
Mammose,Having the form of the breast; breast-shaped.
Mammothrept,A child brought up by its grandmother; a spoiled child.
Mammies,of Mammy
Mammy,A child's name for mamma  mother.
Men,of Man
Man,A human being; -- opposed tobeast.
Manned,of Man
Manning,of Man
Manable,Marriageable.
Manace,Same as Menace.
Manacled,of Manacle
Manacling,of Manacle
Managed,of Manage
Managing,of Manage
Manageability,The state or quality of being manageable; manageableness.
Manageless,Unmanageable.
Managership,The office or position of a manager.
Managery,Management; manner of using; conduct; direction.
Manation,The act of issuing or flowing out.
Manca,See Mancus.
Manche,A sleeve.
Manchet,Fine white bread; a loaf of fine bread.
Manchu,Of or pertaining to Manchuria or its inhabitants.
Mancipate,To enslave; to bind; to restrict.
Mancipation,Slavery; involuntary servitude.
Mancona bark,See Sassy bark.
Mand,A demand.
Mandarinate,The collective body of officials or persons of rank in China.
Mandarinic,Appropriate or peculiar to a mandarin.
Mandarinism,A government mandarins; character or spirit of the mandarins.
Mandator,A director; one who gives a mandate or order.
Mandatory,Containing a command; preceptive; directory.
Mandelate,A salt of mandelic acid.
Mander,See Maunder.
Manderil,A mandrel.
Mandibular,Of or pertaining to a mandible; like a mandible.
Mandibulate,Alt. of Mandibulated
Mandibulated,Provided with mandibles adapted for biting  as many insects.
Mandil,A loose outer garment worn the 16th and 17th centuries.
Mandilion,See Mandil.
Mandioc,Alt. of Mandioca
Mandioca,See Manioc.
Mandlestone,Amygdaloid.
Mandment,Commandment.
Mandolin,Alt. of Mandoline
Mandoline,A small and beautifully shaped instrument resembling the lute.
Mandore,A kind of four-stringed lute.
Mandragora,A genus of plants; the mandrake. See Mandrake  1.
Manducable,Such as can be chewed; fit to be eaten.
Manducated,of Manducate
Manducating,of Manducate
Manducate,To masticate; to chew; to eat.
Manducation,The act of chewing.
Manducatory,Pertaining to  or employed in chewing.
Maned,Having a mane.
Manege,Art of horsemanship  or of training horses.
Maneless,Having no mane.
Manequin,An artist's model of wood or other material.
Manerial,See Manorial.
Manesheet,A covering placed over the upper part of a horse's head.
Maneuver,Alt. of Manoeuvre
Maneuvered,of Manoeuvre
Manoeuvred,of Manoeuvre
Maneuvering,of Manoeuvre
Manoeuvring,of Manoeuvre
Maneuverer,Alt. of Manoeuvrer
Manoeuvrer,One who maneuvers.
Mangan,See Mangonel.
Manganate,A salt of manganic acid.
Manganesate,A manganate.
Manganesian,Manganic.
Manganesic,Manganic.
Manganesious,Manganous.
Manganesium,Manganese.
Manganesous,Manganous.
Manganiferous,Containing manganese.
Manganium,Manganese.
Mangcorn,A mixture of wheat and rye  or other species of grain.
Mange,The scab or itch in cattle  dogs and other beasts.
Mangily,In a mangy manner; scabbily.
Manginess,The condition or quality of being mangy.
Mangled,of Mangle
Mangling,of Mangle
Mangoes,of Mango
Mangoldwurzel,See Mangel-wurzel.
Mangonism,The art of mangonizing  or setting off to advantage.
Mangonist,One who mangonizes.
Mangonize,To furbish up for sale; to set off to advantage.
Mangosteen,Alt. of Mangostan
Mangue,The kusimanse.
Mangy,Infected with the mange; scabby.
Manhaden,See Menhaden.
Manhead,Manhood.
Mania,Violent derangement of mind; madness; insanity. Cf. Delirium.
Maniable,Manageable.
Maniacal,Affected with  or characterized by madness; maniac.
Manichaean,Alt. of Manichee
Manichean,Alt. of Manichee
Manichaeism,Alt. of Manicheism
Manicheist,Manichaean.
Manichord,Alt. of Manichordon
Manichordon,The clavichord or clarichord; -- called also dumb spinet.
Manid,Any species of the genus Manis  or family Manidae.
Manie,Mania; insanity.
Manifests,of Manifest
Manifested,of Manifest
Manifesting,of Manifest
Manifestable,Such as can be manifested.
Manifestible,Manifestable.
Manifestly,In a manifest manner.
Manifestness,The quality or state of being manifest; obviousness.
Manifestoes,of Manifesto
Manifolded,of Manifold
Manifolding,of Manifold
Manifoldly,In a manifold manner.
Manifoldness,Multiplicity.
Maniform,Shaped like the hand.
Maniglion,Either one of two handles on the back of a piece of ordnance.
Manihoc,Alt. of Manihot
Manihot,See Manioc.
Manikin,A little man; a dwarf; a pygmy; a manakin.
Manila,Alt. of Manilla
Manilio,See Manilla  1.
Manille,See 1st Manilla  1.
Maniple,A handful.
Manipular,Of or pertaining to the maniple  or company.
Manipulated,of Manipulate
Manipulating,of Manipulate
Manipulative,Of or pertaining to manipulation; performed by manipulation.
Manipulator,One who manipulates.
Manipulatory,Of or pertaining to manipulation.
Manito,Alt. of Manitu
Manitou,Alt. of Manitu
Manitrunk,The anterior segment of the thorax in insects. See Insect.
Mankind,The human race; man  taken collectively.
Manks,Of or pertaining to the language or people of the of Man.
Manless,Destitute of men.
Manlessly,Inhumanly.
Manliness,The quality or state of being manly.
Manling,A little man.
Mannerliness,The quality or state of being mannerly; civility; complaisance.
Mannerly,Showing good manners; civil; respectful; complaisant.
Mannish,Resembling a human being in form or nature; human.
Mannitate,A salt of mannitic acid.
Mannitic,Of  pertaining to resembling or derived from mannite.
Mannitol,The technical name of mannite. See Mannite.
Men-of-war,of Manofwar
Manometric,Alt. of Manometrical
Manometrical,Of or pertaining to the manometer; made by the manometer.
Manorial,Of or pertaining to a manor.
Manoscope,Same as Manometer.
Manovery,A contrivance or maneuvering to catch game illegally.
Manqueller,A killer of men; a manslayer.
Manred,Alt. of Manrent
Manrope,One of the side ropes to the gangway of a ship.
Manse,A dwelling house  generally with land attached.
Manservant,A male servant.
Mansionary,Resident; residentiary; as  mansionary canons.
Manslaughter,The slaying of a human being; destruction of men.
Manslayer,One who kills a human being; one who commits manslaughter.
Manstealer,A person who steals or kidnaps a human being or beings.
Mansuete,Tame; gentle; kind.
Mansuetude,Tameness; gentleness; mildness.
Manswear,To swear falsely. Same as Mainswear.
Manta,See Coleoptera and Sea devil.
Mantchoo,Same as Manchu.
Manteaux,of Manteau
Manteaus,of Manteau
Manteau,A woman's cloak or mantle.
Mantelet,A short cloak formerly worn by knights.
Mantelpiece,Same as Mantel.
Mantelshelf,The shelf of a mantel.
Mantilla,A lady's light cloak of cape of silk  velvet lace or the like.
Mantled,of Mantle
Mantling,of Mantle
Mantlet,See Mantelet.
Manto,See Manteau.
Mantologist,One who is skilled in mantology; a diviner.
Mantology,The act or art of divination.
Mantra,A prayer; an invocation; a religious formula; a charm.
Mantrap,A trap for catching trespassers.
Mantuamaker,One who makes dresses  cloaks etc. for women; a dressmaker.
Mantuan,Of or pertaining to Mantua.
Manualist,One who works with the hands; an artificer.
Manually,By hand.
Manuary,Manual.
Manubial,Belonging to spoils; taken in war.
Manubria,of Manubrium
Manubriums,of Manubrium
Manuducent,One who leads by the hand; a manuductor.
Manuduction,Guidance by the hand.
Manufactory,Manufacture.
Manufactural,Of or pertaining to manufactures.
Manufactured,of Manufacture
Manufacturing,of Manufacture
Manufacturer,One who manufactures.
Manumise,To manumit.
Manumission,The act of manumitting  or of liberating a slave from bondage.
Manumitted,of Manumit
Manumitting,of Manumit
Manumotive,Movable by hand.
Manurable,Capable of cultivation.
Manurage,Cultivation.
Manurance,Cultivation.
Manured,of Manure
Manuring,of Manure
Manurement,Cultivation.
Manurer,One who manures land.
Manurial,Relating to manures.
Manus,of Manus
Manuscriptal,Manuscript.
Manutenency,Maintenance.
Manway,A small passageway  as in a mine that a man may pass through.
Many,A retinue of servants; a household.
Many-minded,Having many faculties; versatile; many-sided.
Manyways,Alt. of Manywise
Manywise,In many different ways; variously.
Maoris,of Maori
Mapped,of Map
Mapping,of Map
Mapach,The raccoon.
Mappery,The making  or study of maps.
Mar,A small lake. See Mere.
Marred,of Mar
Marring,of Mar
Mara,The principal or ruling evil spirit.
Maracan,A macaw.
Marauded,of Maraud
Marauding,of Maraud
Marbled,of Marble
Marbling,of Marble
Marbleized,of Marbleize
Marbleizing,of Marbleize
Marbler,One who works upon marble or other stone.
Marbly,Containing  or resembling marble.
Marcantant,A merchant.
Marcasitic,Alt. of Marcasitical
Marcasitical,Containing  or having the nature of marcasite.
Marcassin,A young wild boar.
Marcato,In a marked emphatic manner; -- used adverbially as a direction.
Marceline,A thin silk fabric used for linings  etc. in ladies' dresses.
Marcescent,Withering without/ falling off; fading; decaying.
Marcescible,Li/ble to wither or decay.
March,The third month of the year  containing thirty-one days.
Marched,of March
Marching,of March
Macher,One who marches.
Marchet,Alt. of Merchet
March-mad,Extremely rash; foolhardy. See under March  the month.
March-ward,A warden of the marches; a marcher.
Marcian,Under the influence of Mars; courageous; bold.
Marcid,Pining; lean; withered.
Marcidity,The state or quality of being withered or lean.
Marcobrunner,A celebrated Rhine wine.
Marcor,A wasting away of flesh; decay.
Mare,The female of the horse and other equine quadrupeds.
Marechal Niel,A kind of large yellow rose.
Mareis,A Marsh.
Marena,A European whitefish of the genus Coregonus.
Mareschal,A military officer of high rank; a marshal.
Margarate,A compound of the so-called margaric acid with a base.
Margaric,Pertaining to  or resembling pearl; pearly.
Marasritaceous,Pertaining to  or resembling pearl; pearly.
Margarite,A pearl.
Margaritic,Margaric.
Margaritiferous,Producing pearls.
Margarodite,A hidrous potash mica related to muscovite.
Margarone,The ketone of margaric acid.
Margarous,Margaric; -- formerly designating a supposed acid.
Marge,Border; margin; edge; verge.
Margent,A margin; border; brink; edge.
Margin,A border; edge; brink; verge; as  the margin of a river or lake.
Margined,of Margin
Marginging,of Margin
Marginal,Of or pertaining to a margin.
Marginalia,Marginal notes.
Marginally,In the margin of a book.
Marginate,Having a margin distinct in appearance or structure.
Marginated,Same as Marginate  a.
Margravate,Alt. of Margraviate
Margraviate,The territory or jurisdiction of a margrave.
Margravine,The wife of a margrave.
Marie,Marry.
Marigenous,Produced in or by the sea.
Marikina,A small marmoset (Midas rosalia); the silky tamarin.
Marimonda,A spider monkey (Ateles belzebuth) of Central and South America.
Marined,Having the lower part of the body like a fish.
Marinership,Seamanship.
Marinorama,A representation of a sea view.
Mariolater,One who worships the Virgin Mary.
Mariolatry,The worship of the Virgin Mary.
Marionette,A puppet moved by strings  as in a puppet show.
Mariotte's law,See Boyle's law  under Law.
Mariput,A species of civet; the zoril.
Marish,Low  wet ground; a marsh; a fen; a bog; a moor.
Maritated,Having a husband; married.
Maritimal,Alt. of Maritimale
Maritimale,See Maritime.
Mark,A license of reprisals. See Marque.
Marked,of Mark
Marking,of Mark
Markable,Remarkable.
Markee,See Marquee.
Marker,One who or that which marks.
Marketed,of Market
Marketing,of Market
Marketableness,Quality of being marketable.
Marketstead,A market place.
Markis,A marquis.
Markisesse,A marchioness.
Markman,A marksman.
Marksmen,of Marksman
Marksman,One skillful to hit a mark with a missile; one who shoots well.
Marksmanship,Skill of a marksman.
Marled,of Marl
Marling,of Marl
Marlaceous,Resembling marl; partaking of the qualities of marl.
Marlite,A variety of marl.
Marlitic,Partaking of the qualites of marlite.
Marlpit,Apit where marl is dug.
Marmalet,See Marmalade.
Marmoraceous,Pertaining to  or like marble.
Marmorate,Alt. of Marmorated
Marmorated,Variegated like marble; covered or overlaid with marble.
Marmoreal,Alt. of Marmorean
Marmorean,Pertaining to  or resembling marble; made of marble.
Marmozet,See Marmoset.
Marone,See Maroon  the color.
Maronites,of Maronite
Marooned,of Maroon
Marooning,of Maroon
Marquess,A marquis.
Marquisdom,A marquisate.
Marquise,The wife of a marquis; a marchioness.
Marquisship,A marquisate.
Marrer,One who mars or injures.
Marriable,Marriageable.
Marriageability,The quality or state of being marriageable.
Marrier,One who marries.
Marron,A large chestnut.
Marroon,Same as 1st Maroon.
Marrot,The razor-billed auk. See Auk.
Marrowed,of Marrow
Marrowing,of Marrow
Marrowfat,A rich but late variety of pea.
Marrowish,Of the nature of  or like marrow.
Marrowless,Destitute of marrow.
Marrowy,Full of marrow; pithy.
Married,of Marry
Marrying,of Marry
Mars,The god of war and husbandry.
Marsala,A kind of wine exported from Marsala in Sicily.
Marseillais,Alt. of Marseillaise
Marseillaise,Of or pertaining to Marseilles  in France or to its inhabitants.
Marshal,Originally  an officer who had the care of horses; a groom.
Marshaled,of Marshal
Marshalled,of Marshal
Marshaling,of Marshal
Marshalling,of Marshal
Marshaler,One who marshals.
Marshalship,The office of a marshal.
Marshbanker,Alt. of Marsebanker
Marsebanker,The menhaden.
Marshiness,The state or condition of being marshy.
Marshy,Resembling a marsh; wet; boggy; fenny.
Marsipobranch,One of the Marsipobranchia.
Marsupialian,Alt. of Marsupian
Marsupian,One of the Marsupialia.
Marsupion,Same as Marsupium.
Marsupia,of Marsupium
Mart,A market.
Martel,To make a blow with  or as with a hammer.
Marteline,A small hammer used by marble workers and sculptors.
Marten,A bird. See Martin.
Martern,Same as Marten.
Mar-text,A blundering preacher.
Martialism,The quality of being warlike; exercises suitable for war.
Martialist,A warrior.
Martialized,of Martialize
Martializing,of Martialize
Martialize,To render warlike; as  to martialize a people.
Martially,In a martial manner.
Martialness,The quality of being martial.
Martin,A perforated stone-faced runner for grinding.
Martingale,Alt. of Martingal
Martlemas,See Martinmas.
Martlet,The European house martin.
Martyred,of Martyr
Martyring,of Martyr
Martyrization,Act of martyrizing  or state of being martyrized; torture.
Martyrize,To make a martyr of.
Martyrly,In the manner of a martyr.
Martyrologe,A martyrology.
Martyrologic,Alt. of Martyrological
Martyrologist,A writer of martyrology; an historian of martyrs.
Martyrology,A history or account of martyrs; a register of martyrs.
Martyrship,Martyrdom.
Marvel,That which causes wonder; a prodigy; a miracle.
Marveled,of Marvel
Marvelled,of Marvel
Marveling,of Marvel
Marvelling,of Marvel
Marvelous,Exciting wonder or surprise; astonishing; wonderful.
Marvelously,In a marvelous manner; wonderfully; strangely.
Mary,Marrow.
Mary-bud,The marigold; a blossom of the marigold.
Maryolatry,Mariolatry.
Mascagnin,Alt. of Mascagnite
Mascle,A lozenge voided.
Mascot,Alt. of Mascotte
Masculate,To make strong.
Masculine,Of the male sex; not female.
Masculinity,The state or quality of being masculine; masculineness.
Mase,See Maze.
Maselyn,A drinking cup. See 1st Maslin  2.
Maser,Same as Mazer.
Mash,A mesh.
Mashed,of Mash
Mashing,of Mash
Mashlin,See Maslin.
Masked,of Mask
Masking,of Mask
Maskery,The dress or disguise of a maske/; masquerade.
Maskinonge,The muskellunge.
Maslach,An excitant containing opium  much used by the Turks.
Maslin,A mixture composed of different materials
Masonic,Of or pertaining to Freemasons or to their craft or mysteries.
Masonry,The art or occupation of a mason.
Masoret,A Masorite.
Masoretic,Alt. of Masoretical
Masoretical,Of or relating to the Masora  or to its authors.
Masorite,One of the writers of the Masora.
Masque,A mask; a masquerade.
Masqueraded,of Masquerade
Masquerading,of Masquerade
Masquerader,One who masquerades; a person wearing a mask; one disguised.
Massed,of Mass
Massing,of Mass
Massacred,of Massacre
Massacring,of Massacre
Massacrer,One who massacres.
Masse,Alt. of Masse shot
Masse shot,A stroke made with the cue held vertically.
Masser,A priest who celebrates Mass.
Masseteric,Of or pertaining to the masseter.
Masseterine,Masseteric.
Masseur,Alt. of Masseuse
Masseuse,One who performs massage.
Massiness,The state or quality of being massy; ponderousness.
Massively,In a heavy mass.
Massiveness,The state or quality of being massive; massiness.
Massoola boat,See Masoola boat.
Massora,Same as Masora.
Massoret,Same as Masorite.
Masted,of Mast
Masting,of Mast
Mastered,of Master
Mastering,of Master
Masterdom,Dominion; rule; command.
Masterful,Inclined to play the master; domineering; imperious; arbitrary.
Masterfully,In a masterful manner; imperiously.
Masterless,Destitute of a master or owner; ungoverned or ungovernable.
Masterous,Masterly.
Mastership,The state or office of a master.
Masteries,of Mastery
Masthead,The top or head of a mast; the part of a mast above the hounds.
Masthouse,A building in which vessels' masts are shaped  fitted etc.
Masticable,Capable of being masticated.
Masticador,A part of a bridle  the slavering bit.
Masticated,of Masticate
Masticating,of Masticate
Masticater,One who masticates.
Mastication,The act or operation of masticating; chewing  as of food.
Masticator,One who masticates.
Masticatory,Chewing; adapted to perform the office o/ chewing food.
Mastich,See Mastic.
Masticot,Massicot.
Mastiffs,of Mastiff
Mastives,of Mastiff
Mastigopod,One of the Mastigopoda.
Mastigopoda,The Infusoria.
Mastitis,Inflammation of the breast.
Mastless,Bearing no mast; as  a mastless oak or beech.
Mastlin,See Maslin.
Mastodynia,Alt. of Mastodyny
Mastoidal,Same as Mastoid.
Mastology,The natural history of Mammalia.
Mastress,Mistress.
Masturbation,Onanism; self-pollution.
Masty,Full of mast; abounding in acorns  etc.
Masula boat,Same as Masoola boat.
Matted,of Mat
Matting,of Mat
Matachin,An old dance with swords and bucklers; a sword dance.
Matadore,Alt. of Matador
Matador,The killer; the man appointed to kill the bull in bullfights.
Matagasse,A shrike or butcher bird; -- called also mattages.
Matched,of Match
Matching,of Match
Match-cloth,A coarse cloth.
Match-coat,A coat made of match-cloth.
Matchless,Having no equal; unequaled.
Matchmaker,One who makes matches for burning or kinding.
Matchmaking,The act or process of making matches for kindling or burning.
Mated,of Mate
Mating,of Mate
Mateless,Having no mate.
Matelote,A dish of food composed of many kinds of fish.
Mateology,A vain  unprofitable discourse or inquiry.
Mateotechny,Any unprofitable science.
Mater,See Alma mater  Dura mater and Pia mater.
Materialism,The doctrine of materialists; materialistic views and tenets.
Materialistic,Alt. of Materialistical
Materialization,The act of materializing  or the state of being materialized.
Materialized,of Materialize
Materializing,of Materialize
Materially,In the state of matter.
Materialness,The state of being material.
Materiarian,See Materialist.
Materiate,Alt. of Materiated
Materiated,Consisting of matter.
Materiation,Act of forming matter.
Materious,See Material.
Maternally,In a motherly manner.
Matfelon,The knapweed (Centaurea nigra).
Mathematic,See Mathematical.
Mathematician,One versed in mathematics.
Mather,See Madder.
Mathes,The mayweed. Cf. Maghet.
Mathesis,Learning; especially  mathematics.
Mathurin,See Trinitarian.
Matie,A fat herring with undeveloped roe.
M/tin,A French mastiff.
Matin,Morning.
Matinal,Relating to the morning  or to matins; matutinal.
Matrass,A round-bottomed glass flask having a long neck; a bolthead.
Matress,See Matress.
Matriarchal,Of or pertaining to a matriarch; governed by a matriarch.
Matrice,See Matrix.
Matricidal,Of or pertaining to matricide.
Matricide,The murder of a mother by her son or daughter.
Matriculated,of Matriculate
Matriculating,of Matriculate
Matrimoine,Matrimony.
Matrimonially,In a matrimonial manner.
Matrimonious,Matrimonial.
Matrices,of Matrix
Matrix,The womb.
Matronage,The state of a matron.
Matronhood,The state of being a matron.
Matronized,of Matronize
Matronizing,of Matronize
Matronize,To make a matron of; to make matronlike.
Matronlike,Like a matron; sedate; grave; matronly.
Matronly,Advanced in years; elderly.
Matronymic,See Metronymic.
Matt,See Matte.
Mattages,A shrike or butcher bird; -- written also matagasse.
Mattamore,A subterranean repository for wheat.
Mattered,of Matter
Mattering,of Matter
Matterless,Not being  or having matter; as matterless spirits.
Mattery,Generating or containing pus; purulent.
Maturant,A medicine  or application which promotes suppuration.
Maturated,of Maturate
Maturating,of Maturate
Maturate,To bring to ripeness or maturity; to ripen.
Matured,of Mature
Maturing,of Mature
Maturely,In a mature manner; with ripeness; completely.
Matureness,The state or quality of being mature; maturity.
Maturer,One who brings to maturity.
Maturescent,Approaching maturity.
Matutinal,Of or pertaining to the morning; early.
Matutinary,Matutinal.
Matutine,Matutinal.
Maty,A native house servant in India.
Maud,A gray plaid; -- used by shepherds in Scotland.
Maudle,To throw onto confusion or disorder; to render maudlin.
Muadlinism,A maudlin state.
Maudlinwort,The oxeye daisy.
Mauger,Alt. of Maugre
Maugre,In spite of; in opposition to; notwithstanding.
Maukin,See Malkin.
Maul,A heavy wooden hammer or beetle.
Mauled,of Maul
Mauling,of Maul
Maule,The common mallow.
Maul-stick,A stick used by painters as a rest for the hand while working.
Maumet,See Mawmet.
Maunch,To munch.
Maund,A hand basket.
Maunder,To beg.
Maunderer,One who maunders.
Maundril,A pick with two prongs  to pry with.
Maundy Thursday,The Thursday in Passion week  or next before Good Friday.
Maungy,Mangy.
Mauresque,See Moresque.
Mausolean,Pertaining to a mausoleum; monumental.
Mausoleums,of Mausoleum
Mausoleum,A magnificent tomb  or stately sepulchral monument.
Mauther,A girl; esp.  a great awkward girl; a wench.
Mauvaniline,See Mauve aniline  under Mauve.
Mauve,A color of a delicate purple  violet or lilac.
Mauvine,Mauve-colored.
Mavis,The European throstle or song thrush (Turdus musicus).
Maw,A gull.
Mawk,A maggot.
Mawkin,See Malkin  and Maukin.
Mawkingly,Slatternly.
Mawkish,Apt to cause satiety or loathing; nauseous; disgusting.
Mawkishly,In a mawkish way.
Mawkishness,The quality or state of being mawkish.
Mawks,A slattern; a mawk.
Mawky,Maggoty.
Mawmetry,The religion of Mohammed; also  idolatry. See Mawmet.
Mawmish,Nauseous.
Mawseed,The seed of the opium poppy.
Maxillae,of Maxilla
Maxilla,The bone of either the upper or the under jaw.
Maxillar,Alt. of Maxillary
Maxilliform,Having the form  or structure of a maxilla.
Maxilloturbinal,Pertaining to the maxillary and turbinal regions of the skull.
Maximization,The act or process of increasing to the highest degree.
Maximize,To increase to the highest degree.
Maxima,of Maximum
Might,of May
Maybe,Perhaps; possibly; peradventure.
Maybird,The whimbrel; -- called also May fowl  May curlew and May whaap.
Maybloom,The hawthorn.
Maybush,The hawthorn.
Mayduke,A large dark-red cherry of excellent quality.
Mayfish,A common American minnow (Fundulus majalis). See Minnow.
Mayhap,Perhaps; peradventure.
Maying,The celebrating of May Day.
Mayoral,The conductir of a mule team; also  a head shepherd.
Mayoralty,The office  or the term of office of a mayor.
Mayoress,The wife of a mayor.
Mayorship,The office of a mayor.
Mazama,Alt. of Mazame
Mazard,A kind of small black cherry.
Mazdeism,The Zoroastrian religion.
Maze,A wild fancy; a confused notion.
Mazed,of Maze
Mazing,of Maze
Mazedness,The condition of being mazed; confusion; astonishment.
Mazeful,Mazy.
Mazer,A large drinking bowl; -- originally made of maple.
Mazily,In a mazy manner.
Maziness,The state or quality of being mazy.
Mazological,Of or pertaining to mazology.
Mazologist,One versed in mazology or mastology.
Mazology,Same as Mastology.
Mazourka,Alt. of Mazurka
Me,One. See Men  pron.
Meach,To skulk; to cower. See Mich.
Meacock,An uxorious  effeminate or spiritless man.
Meadowsweet,Alt. of Meadowwort
Meager,Alt. of Meagre
Meagre,Destitue of  or having little flesh; lean.
Meagerly,Alt. of Meagrely
Meagrely,Poorly; thinly.
Meagerness,Alt. of Meagreness
Meak,A hook with a long handle.
Meal,A part; a fragment; a portion.
Mealies,Maize or Indian corn; -- the common name in South Africa.
Mealiness,The quality or state of being mealy.
Meal-mouthed,See Mealy-mouthed.
Mealtime,The usual time of eating a meal.
Meant,of Mean
Meaning,of Mean
Meandered,of Meander
Meandering,of Meander
Meandrian,Winding; having many turns.
Meandrous,Alt. of Meandry
Meandry,Winding; flexuous.
Meanly,Moderately.
Mean-spirited,Of a mean spirit; base; groveling.
Meantime,Alt. of Meanwhile
Meanwhile,The intervening time; as  in the meantime (or mean time).
Mear,A boundary. See Mere.
Mease,Five hundred; as  a mease of herrings.
Measelry,Leprosy.
Measle,A leper.
Measled,Infected or spotted with measles  as pork.
Measles,Leprosy; also  a leper.
Measly,Infected with measles.
Measured,of Measure
Measuring,of Measure
Measureless,Without measure; unlimited; immeasurable.
Meatal,Of or pertaining to a meatus; resembling a meatus.
Meated,Fed; fattened.
Meath,Alt. of Meathe
Meathe,A sweet liquor; mead.
Meatiness,Quality of being meaty.
Meatless,Having no meat; without food.
Meatoscope,A speculum for examining a natural passage  as the urethra.
Meatuses,of Meatus
Meaty,Abounding in meat.
Meaw,The sea mew.
Meawl,See Mewl  and Miaul.
Meazel,See 1st Measle.
Meazling,Falling in small drops; mistling; mizzing.
Mebles,See Moebles.
Mecate,A rope of hair or of maguey fiber  for tying horses etc.
Meccawee,Of or pertaining to Mecca  in Arabia.
Mechanicalize,To cause to become mechanical.
Mechanically,In a mechanical manner.
Mechanicalness,The state or quality of being mechanical.
Mechanist,A maker of machines; one skilled in mechanics.
Mechanized,of Mechanize
Mechanizing,of Mechanize
Mechanize,To cause to be mechanical.
Mechanograph,One of a number of copies of anything multiplied mechanically.
Mechanographic,Treating of mechanics.
Mechanurgy,That branch of science which treats of moving machines.
Mechlin,A kind of lace made at  or originating in Mechlin in Belgium.
Meckelian,Pertaining to  or discovered by J. F. Meckel a German anatomist.
Meconate,A salt of meconic acid.
Meconium,Opium.
Medaled,of Medal
Medalled,of Medal
Medaling,of Medal
Medalling,of Medal
Medalet,A small medal.
Medallic,Of or pertaining to a medal  or to medals.
Medallion,A large medal or memorial coin.
Medalurgy,The art of making and striking medals and coins.
Meddled,of Meddle
Meddling,of Meddle
Meddle,To mix; to mingle.
Meddlingly,In a meddling manner.
Mede,A native or inhabitant of Media in Asia.
Media,pl. of Medium.
Mediae,of Media
Mediacy,The state or quality of being mediate.
Mediaeval,Of or relating to the Middle Ages; as  mediaeval architecture.
Mediaevals,The people who lived in the Middle Ages.
Medialuna,See Half-moon.
Mediastinal,Of or pertaining to a mediastinum.
Mediastine,Alt. of Mediastinum
Mediated,of Mediate
Mediating,of Mediate
Mediateness,The state of being mediate.
Mediatization,The act of mediatizing.
Mediatized,of Mediatize
Mediatizing,of Mediatize
Mediatorship,The office or character of a mediator.
Mediatory,Mediatorial.
Mediatress,Alt. of Mediatrix
Mediatrix,A female mediator.
Medicable,Capable of being medicated; admitting of being cured or healed.
Medicaster,A quack.
Medicated,of Medicate
Medicating,of Medicate
Medicate,To tincture or impregnate with anything medicinal; to drug.
Medication,The act or process of medicating.
Medicative,Medicinal; acting like a medicine.
Medicinable,Medicinal; having the power of healing.
Medicinally,In a medicinal manner.
Medico-legal,Of or pertaining to law as affected by medical facts.
Medicornua,of Medicornu
Medics,Science of medicine.
Mediety,The middle part; half; moiety.
Medieval,Alt. of Medievalist
Medievalism,Alt. of Medievalist
Medievalist,Same as Medi/val  Medi/valism etc.
Medino,Same as Para.
Mediocral,Mediocre.
Mediocrist,A mediocre person.
Medioxumous,Intermediate.
Meditance,Meditation.
Meditated,of Meditate
Meditating,of Meditate
Meditatist,One who is given to meditation.
Mediterraneous,Inland.
Mediums,of Medium
Medium-sized,Having a medium size; as  a medium-sized man.
Medii,of Medius
Medle,To mix; to mingle; to meddle.
Medleys,of Medley
Medly,See Medle.
Medregal,See Bonito  3.
Medrick,A species of gull or tern.
Medulla,Marrow; pith; hence  essence.
Medullar,See Medullary.
Medullary,Pertaining to  consisting of or resembling marrow or medulla.
Medusae,of Medusa
Medusian,A medusa.
Medusiform,Resembling a medusa in shape or structure.
Meech,See Mich.
Meedful,Worthy of meed  reward or recompense; meritorious.
Meedfully,According to merit; suitably.
Meeken,To make meek; to nurture in gentleness and humility.
Meekly,In a meek manner.
Meekness,The quality or state of being meek.
Meer,Simple; unmixed. See Mere  a.
Met,of Meet
Meeting,of Meet
Meeten,To render fit.
Meeter,One who meets.
Meeth,Mead. See Meathe.
Meetly,Fitly; suitably; properly.
Meetness,Fitness; suitableness; propriety.
Meg-,Alt. of Megalo-
Mega,Alt. of Megalo-
Megacephalic,Alt. of Megacephalous
Megaceros,The Irish elk.
Megacosm,See Macrocosm.
Megacoulomb,A million coulombs.
Megalerg,A million ergs; a megerg.
Megalonyx,An extinct quaternary mammal  of great size allied to the sloth.
Megalophonous,Having a loud voice.
Megalopolis,A chief city; a metropolis.
Megalopsychy,Greatness of soul.
Megalosaur,Alt. of Megalosaurus
Megampere,A million amperes.
Megapolis,A metropolis.
Megarian,Alt. of Megaric
Megaric,Belonging  or pertaining to Megara a city of ancient Greece.
Megass,Alt. of Megasse
Megasse,See Bagasse.
Megasthenic,Having a typically large size; belonging to the megasthenes.
Megathere,Alt. of Megatherium
Megaweber,A million webers.
Megilp,Alt. of Megilph
Meibomian,Of  pertaining to or discovered by Meibomius.
Meine,See Menge.
Meiny,A family  including servants etc.; household; retinue; train.
Meiocene,See Miocene.
Melostemonous,Having fever stamens than the parts of the corolla.
Meistersinger,See Mastersinger.
Mekhitarist,See Mechitarist.
Melada,Alt. of Melado
Melain,The dark coloring matter of the liquid of the cuttlefish.
Melainotype,See Melanotype.
Melampode,The black hellebore.
Melampyrin,Alt. of Melampyrite
Melanagogue,A medicine supposed to expel black bile or choler.
Melancholian,A person affected with melancholy; a melancholic.
Melancholic,Given to melancholy; depressed; melancholy; dejected; unhappy.
Melancholily,In a melancholy manner.
Melancholiness,The state or quality of being melancholy.
Melancholious,Melancholy.
Melancholist,One affected with melancholy or dejection.
Melancholize,To become gloomy or dejected in mind.
Melanesian,Of or pertaining to Melanesia.
Melange,A mixture; a medley.
Melanic,Melanotic.
Melanistic,Affected with melanism; of the nature of melanism.
Melanite,A black variety of garnet.
Melanochroi,A group of the human race  including the dark whites.
Melanochroic,Having a dark complexion; of or pertaining to the Melanochroi.
Melanocomous,Having very dark or black hair; black-haired.
Melanotic,Melanistic.
Melanure,A small fish of the Mediterranean; a gilthead. See Gilthead (a).
Melasses,See Molasses.
Melastomaceous,Belonging to the order of which Melastoma is the type.
Meleagrine,Of or pertaining to the genus Meleagris.
Melena,See Melaena.
Meletin,See Quercitin.
Melibean,Alt. of Melib/an
Melib/an,Alternately responsive  as verses.
Melic,Of or pertaining to song; lyric; tuneful.
Melic grass,A genus of grasses (Melica) of little agricultural importance.
Melicotoon,See Melocoton.
Melicratory,A meadlike drink.
Meliorated,of Meliorate
Meliorating,of Meliorate
Meliorater,Same as Meliorator.
Meliorator,One who meliorates.
Meliority,The state or quality of being better; melioration.
Meliphagan,Belonging to the genus Meliphaga.
Meliphagous,Eating  or feeding upon honey.
Melismata,of Melisma
Melissyl,See Myricyl.
Melissylene,See Melene.
Mell,To mix; to meddle.
Mellate,A mellitate.
Mellay,A melee; a conflict.
Mellic,See Mellitic.
Melliferous,Producing honey.
Mellific,Producing honey.
Mellification,The making or production of honey.
Mellifluence,A flow of sweetness  or a sweet smooth flow.
Mellifluent,Flowing as with honey; smooth; mellifluous.
Mellifluently,In a mellifluent manner.
Melligenous,Having the qualities of honey.
Melligo,Honeydew.
Melliloquent,Speaking sweetly or harmoniously.
Melliphagan,See Meliphagan.
Melliphagous,See Meliphagous.
Mellitate,A salt of mellitic acid.
Mellonide,See Mellone.
Mellowed,of Mellow
Mellowing,of Mellow
Mellowly,In a mellow manner.
Mellowness,Quality or state of being mellow.
Mellowy,Soft; unctuous.
Melne,A mill.
Melocoton,Alt. of Melocotoon
Melocotoon,A quince.
Melodeon,A kind of small reed organ; -- a portable form of the seraphine.
Melodist,A composer or singer of melodies.
Melodized,of Melodize
Melodizing,of Melodize
Melodize,To make melodious; to form into  or set to melody.
Melodramatist,One who acts in  or writes melodramas.
Melodrame,Melodrama.
Melodies,of Melody
Melody,A sweet or agreeable succession of sounds.
Melograph,Same as Melodiograph.
Melpomene,The Muse of tragedy.
Melrose,Honey of roses.
Melt,See 2d Milt.
Melted,of Melt
Molten,of Melt
Melting,of Melt
Meltable,Capable of being melted.
Melter,One who  or that which melts.
Member,To remember; to cause to remember; to mention.
Membered,Having limbs; -- chiefly used in composition.
Membership,The state of being a member.
Membral,Relating to a member.
Membranaceous,Same as Membranous.
Membraneous,See Membranous.
Membraniferous,Having or producing membranes.
Membraniform,Having the form of a membrane or of parchment.
Membranology,The science which treats of membranes.
Mementos,of Memento
Meminna,A small deerlet  or chevrotain of India.
Memoir,Alt. of Memoirs
Memoirist,A writer of memoirs.
Memorability,The quality or state of being memorable.
Memorable,Worthy to be remembered; very important or remarkable.
Memorandums,of Memorandum
Memoranda,of Memorandum
Memorate,To commemorate.
Memorative,Commemorative.
Memoria,Memory.
Memorialist,One who writes or signs a memorial.
Memorialized,of Memorialize
Memorializing,of Memorialize
Memorializer,One who petitions by a memorial.
Memorist,One who  or that which causes to be remembered.
Memoriter,By  or from memory.
Memorized,of Memorize
Memorizing,of Memorize
Memorize,To cause to be remembered ; hence  to record.
Memories,of Memory
Menaced,of Menace
Menacing,of Menace
Menacer,One who menaces.
Menacingly,In a threatening manner.
Menage,See Manage.
Menagerie,A piace where animals are kept and trained.
Menagogue,Emmenagogue.
Menaia,of Menaion
Menald,Alt. of Menild
Menild,Covered with spots; speckled; variegated.
Mended,of Mend
Mending,of Mend
Mendable,Capable of being mended.
Mendacious,Given to deception or falsehood; lying; as  a mendacious person.
Mendacities,of Mendacity
Mendacity,The quality or state of being mendacious; a habit of lying.
Mender,One who mends or repairs.
Mendiant,See Mendinant.
Mendicancy,The condition of being mendicant; beggary; begging.
Mendicate,To beg.
Mendication,The act or practice of begging; beggary; mendicancy.
Mendicity,The practice of begging; the life of a beggar; mendicancy.
Mendinant,A mendicant or begging friar.
Mendment,Amendment.
Mendole,The cackerel.
Mendregal,Medregal.
Mends,See Amends.
Mente,of Menge
Meinte,of Menge
Ment,of Menge
Meint,of Menge
Menge,To mix.
Menilite,See Opal.
Meningeal,Of or pertaining to the meninges.
Meningitis,Inflammation of the membranes of the brain or spinal cord.
Meniscal,Pertaining to  or having the form of a meniscus.
Meniscoid,Concavo-convex  like a meniscus.
Menisci,of Meniscus
Meniscuses,of Meniscus
Meniscus,A crescent.
Meniver,Same as Miniver.
Mennonist,Alt. of Mennonite
Menobranch,Alt. of Menobranchus
Menologia,of Menology
Menologies,of Menology
Menologium,Alt. of Menology
Menology,A register of months.
Menopoma,Alt. of Menopome
Menopome,The hellbender.
Menorrhagia,Profuse menstruation.
Menostasis,Stoppage of the mences.
Menostation,Same as Menostasis.
Menow,A minnow.
Men-pleaser,One whose motive is to please men or the world  rather than God.
Mense,Manliness; dignity; comeliness; civility.
Menstruant,Subject to monthly flowing or menses.
Menstruate,Menstruous.
Menstruated,of Menstruate
Menstruating,of Menstruate
Menstrue,The menstrual flux; menses.
Menstruous,Having the monthly flow or discharge; menstruating.
Menstruums,of Menstruum
Menstrua,of Menstruum
Menstruum,Any substance which dissolves a solid body; a solvent.
Mensurability,The quality of being mensurable.
Mensurable,Capable of being measured; measurable.
Mensurableness,The quality or state of being mensurable; measurableness.
Mensural,Of or pertaining to measure.
Mensurate,To measure.
Mensuration,The act  process or art of measuring.
Mentagra,Sycosis.
Mentality,Quality or state of mind.
Mentally,In the mind; in thought or meditation; intellectually; in idea.
Menthyl,A compound radical forming the base of menthol.
Mentioned,of Mention
Mentioning,of Mention
Mentionable,Fit to be mentioned.
Mentomeckelian,Of or pertaining to the chin and lower jaw.
Mentor,A wise and faithful counselor or monitor.
Mentorial,Containing advice or admonition.
Mentum,The front median plate of the labium in insects. See Labium.
Menu,The details of a banquet; a bill of fare.
Menuse,See Amenuse.
Meow,See 6th and 7th Mew.
Mephitic,Alt. of Mephitical
Mephitism,Same as Mephitis  1.
Meracious,Being without mixture or adulteration; hence  strong; racy.
Mercable,Capable of being bought or sold.
Mercaptal,Any one of a series of compounds of mercaptans with aldehydes.
Mercat,Market; trade.
Mercatante,A foreign trader.
Mercator's chart,See under Chart  and see Mercator's projection under Projection.
Mercature,Commerce; traffic; trade.
Merce,To subject to fine or amercement; to mulct; to amerce.
Mercenaria,The quahog.
Mercenarian,A mercenary.
Mercenarily,In a mercenary manner.
Mercenariness,The quality or state of being mercenary; venality.
Mercenaries,of Mercenary
Mercership,The business of a mercer.
Mercery,The trade of mercers; the goods in which a mercer deals.
Merchand,To traffic.
Merchandisable,Such as can be used or transferred as merchandise.
Merchandised,of Merchandise
Merchandising,of Merchandise
Merchandiser,A trader.
Merchandry,Trade; commerce.
Merchantmen,of Merchantman
Merchantman,A merchant.
Merciable,Merciful.
Mercify,To pity.
Mercurialized,of Mercurialize
Mercurializing,of Mercurialize
Mercurialize,To affect with mercury.
Mercurially,In a mercurial manner.
Mercurified,of Mercurify
Mercurifying,of Mercurify
Mercurism,A communication of news; an announcement.
Mercies,of Mercy
Merd,Ordure; dung.
Mere,A pool or lake.
Merely,Purely; unmixedly; absolutely.
Merenchyma,Tissue composed of spheroidal cells.
Meresman,An officer who ascertains meres or boundaries.
Merestead,The land within the boundaries of a farm; a farmstead or farm.
Merestone,A stone designating a limit or boundary; a landmark.
Merged,of Merge
Merging,of Merge
Merge,To cause to be swallowed up; to immerse; to sink; to absorb.
Merger,One who  or that which merges.
Mericarp,One carpel of an umbelliferous fruit. See Cremocarp.
Meridional,Of or pertaining to the meridian.
Meridionality,The state of being in the meridian.
Meridionally,In the direction of the meridian.
Merils,A boy's play  called also fivepenny morris. See Morris.
Merinos,of Merino
Meristem,A tissue of growing cells  or cells capable of further division.
Merit,The quality or state of deserving well or ill; desert.
Merited,of Merit
Meriting,of Merit
Meritable,Deserving of reward.
Meritedly,By merit; deservedly.
Merithal,Alt. of Merithallus
Merithallus,Same as Internode.
Meritmonger,One who depends on merit for salvation.
Meritory,Meritorious.
Merk,An old Scotch silver coin; a mark or marc.
Merke,Murky.
Merkin,Originally  a wig; afterwards a mop for cleaning cannon.
Merl,Alt. of Merle
Merle,The European blackbird. See Blackbird.
Merlin,A small European falcon (Falco lithofalco  or F. aesalon).
Merling,The European whiting.
Merluce,The European hake; -- called also herring hake and sea pike.
Mermen,of Merman
Merman,The male corresponding to mermaid; a sea man  or man fish.
Merocele,Hernia in the thigh; femoral hernia .
Meropidan,One of a family of birds (Meropidae)  including the bee-eaters.
Meropodite,The fourth joint of a typical appendage of Crustacea.
Merorganization,Organization in part.
Meros,The plain surface between the channels of a triglyph.
Merou,See Jack  8 (c).
Merrimake,See Merrymake  n.
Merriment,Gayety  with laughter; mirth; frolic.
Merrymake,Mirth; frolic; a meeting for mirth; a festival.
Merrymaking,Making or producing mirth; convivial; jolly.
Merrymeeting,A meeting for mirth.
Mersion,Immersion.
Merulidan,A bird of the Thrush family.
Merus,See Meros.
Mervaille,Marvel.
Mes-,See Meso-.
Mesa,A high tableland; a plateau on a hill.
Mesaconate,A salt of mesaconic acid.
Mesad,Same as Mesiad.
Mesal,Same as Mesial.
Mesally,Same as Mesially.
Mesaraic,Mesenteric.
Mesaticephalous,Mesaticephalic.
Meseemed,of Meseems
Meseems,It seems to me.
Mesel,A leper.
Meselry,Leprosy.
Mesencephalic,Of or pertaining to the mesencephalon or midbrain.
Mesenteric,Pertaining to a mesentery; mesaraic.
Meseraic,Mesaraic.
Meshed,of Mesh
Meshing,of Mesh
Meshy,Formed with meshes; netted.
Mesially,In  near or toward the mesial plane; mesiad.
Mesitylenate,A salt of mesitylenic acid.
Mesitylol,A crystalline substance obtained from mesitylene.
Meslin,See Maslin.
Mesmeree,A person subjected to mesmeric influence; one who is mesmerized.
Mesmeric,Alt. of Mesmerical
Mesmerical,Of  pertaining to or induced by mesmerism; as mesmeric sleep.
Mesmerist,One who practices  or believes in mesmerism.
Mesmerization,The act of mesmerizing; the state of being mesmerized.
Mesmerized,of Mesmerize
Mesmerizing,of Mesmerize
Mesmerize,To bring into a state of mesmeric sleep.
Mesmerizer,One who mesmerizes.
Meso-,Alt. of Mes-
Mesoblast,The mesoderm.
Mesoblastic,Relating to the mesoblast; as  the mesoblastic layer.
Mesobronchia,of Mesobronchium
Mesobronchium,The main bronchus of each lung.
Mesocaecum,The fold of peritoneum attached to the caecum.
Mesocephalon,The pons Varolii.
Mesocephalous,Mesocephalic.
Mesocoele,Alt. of Mesocoelia
Mesocoelia,The cavity of the mesencephalon; the iter.
Mesocolon,The fold of peritoneum  or mesentery attached to the colon.
Mesocoracoid,A process from the middle of the coracoid in some animals.
Mesocuneiform,Alt. of Mesocuniform
Mesocuniform,One of the bones of the tarsus. See 2d Cuneiform.
Mesodermic,Same as Mesodermal.
Mesodont,Having teeth of moderate size.
Mesogastrium,The umbilical region.
Mesole,Same as Thomsonite.
Mesologarithm,A logarithm of the cosine or cotangent.
Mesometrium,The fold of the peritoneum supporting the oviduct.
Mesomyodian,A bird having a mesomyodous larynx.
Mesonasal,Of or pertaining to the middle portion of the nasal region.
Mesonotum,The dorsal portion of the mesothorax of insects.
Mesophryon,See Glabella.
Mesophyllum,The parenchyma of a leaf between the skin of the two surfaces.
Mesoplast,The nucleus of a cell; mesoblast.
Mesopodialia,of Mesopodiale
Mesopodiale,One of the bones of either the carpus or tarsus.
Mesopodium,The middle portion of the foot in the Gastropoda and Pteropoda.
Mesorectum,The fold of peritoneum  or mesentery attached to the rectum.
Mesosauria,Same as Mosasauria.
Mesoscapular,Of or pertaining to the mesoscapula.
Mesosiderite,See the Note under Meteorite.
Mesosperm,A membrane of a seed. See Secundine.
Mesostate,A product of metabolic action.
Mesosternal,Of or pertaining to the mesosternum.
Mesosternum,The middle portion  or body of the sternum.
Mesotheca,The middle layer of the gonophore in the Hydrozoa.
Mesothoracic,Of or pertaining to the mesothorax.
Mesoxalate,A salt of mesoxalic acid.
Mesprise,Contempt; scorn.
Mesquite,Alt. of Mesquit
Mess,Mass; church service.
Messed,of Mess
Messing,of Mess
Messager,A messenger.
Messet,A dog.
Messiad,A German epic poem on the Messiah  by Klopstock.
Messiahship,The state or office of the Messiah.
Messias,The Messiah.
Messinese,Of or pertaining to Messina  or its inhabitans.
Messmate,An associate in a mess.
Mest,Most.
Mester,See Mister  a trade.
Mestinos,of Mestino
Mestino,See Mestizo.
Mestizos,of Mestizo
Mestling,A kind of brass. See Maslin.
Mesymnicum,A repetition at the end of a stanza.
Meta-,Alt. of Met-
Metabases,of Metabasis
Metabasis,A transition from one subject to another.
Metabola,Alt. of Metabole
Metabolian,An insect which undergoes a metamorphosis.
Metabolisis,Metabolism.
Metabolize,To change by a metabolic process. See Metabolism.
Metacarpal,Of or pertaining to the metacarpus.
Metacenter,Alt. of -tre
Metacinnabarite,Sulphide of mercury in isometric form and black in color.
Metage,Measurement  especially of coal.
Metagenetic,Of or pertaining to metagenesis.
Metagenic,Metagenetic.
Metagnathous,Cross-billed; -- said of certain birds  as the crossbill.
Metagrammatism,Anagrammatism.
Metagraphic,By or pertaining to metagraphy.
Metaled,of Metal
Metalled,of Metal
Metaling,of Metal
Metalling,of Metal
Metalepses,of Metalepsis
Metalepsy,Exchange; replacement; substitution; metathesis.
Metaleptic,Of or pertaining to a metalepsis.
Metaleptical,Metaleptic.
Metallical,See Metallic.
Metallicly,In a metallic manner; by metallic means.
Metallifacture,The production and working or manufacture of metals.
Metalliferous,Producing metals; yielding metals.
Metalliform,Having the form or structure of a metal.
Metallist,A worker in metals  or one skilled in metals.
Metallization,The act or process of metallizing.
Metallized,of Metallize
Metallizing,of Metallize
Metallize,To impart metallic properties to; to impregnate with a metal.
Metallochromy,The art or process of coloring metals.
Metallograph,A print made by metallography.
Metallographic,Pertaining to  or by means of metallography.
Metallographist,One who writes on the subject of metals.
Metalloidal,Metalloid.
Metallorganic,Metalorganic.
Metallurgic,Alt. of Metallurgical
Metallurgical,Of or pertaining to metallurgy.
Metalmen,of Metalman
Metalman,A worker in metals.
Metalogical,Beyond the scope or province of logic.
Metamerically,In a metameric manner.
Metamorphic,Subject to change; changeable; variable.
Metamorphize,To metamorphose.
Metamorphosed,of Metamorphose
Metamorphosing,of Metamorphose
Metamorphose,To change into a different form; to transform; to transmute.
Metamorphoser,One who metamorphoses.
Metamorphosic,Changing the form; transforming.
Metamorphoses,of Metamorphosis
Metamorphosis,Change of form  or structure; transformation.
Metanephritic,Of or pertaining to the metanephros.
Metanotum,The dorsal portion of the metaphorax of insects.
Metantimonate,A salt of metantimonic acid.
Metaphoric,Alt. of Metaphorical
Metaphorist,One who makes metaphors.
Metaphosphate,A salt of metaphosphoric acid.
Metaphrased,Translated literally.
Metaphrasis,Metaphrase.
Metaphrast,A literal translator.
Metaphrastic,Alt. of Metaphrastical
Metaphrastical,Close  or literal.
Metaphysic,See Metaphysics.
Metaphysical,Of or pertaining to metaphysics.
Metaphysically,In the manner of metaphysical science  or of a metaphysician.
Metaphysician,One who is versed in metaphysics.
Metaphysis,Change of form; transformation.
Metaplasm,A change in the letters or syllables of a word.
Metaplast,A word having more than one form of the root.
Metapodialia,of Metapodiale
Metapodiale,One of the bones of either the metacarpus or metatarsus.
Metapodia,of Metapodium
Metapodium,Same as Metapode.
Metapophyses,of Metapophysis
Metasilicate,A salt of metasilicic acid.
Metasome,One of the component segments of the body of an animal.
Metastannate,A salt of metastannic acid.
Metastases,of Metastasis
Metastasis,A spiritual change  as during baptism.
Metasternal,Of or pertaining to the metasternum.
Metastoma,Alt. of Metastome
Metastome,A median elevation behind the mouth in the arthropods.
Metatarsal,Of or pertaining to the metatarsus.
Metatarse,Metatarsus.
Metatarsi,of Metatarsus
Metatheses,of Metathesis
Metathetic,Alt. of Metathetical
Metathetical,Of or pertaining to metathesis.
Metathoracic,Of or pertaining to the metathorax.
Metatungstate,A salt of metatungstic acid.
Metavanadate,A salt of metavanadic acid.
Metayage,A system of farming on halves.
Metazoans,of Metazoan
Metazoan,One of the Metazoa.
Metazoic,Of or pertaining to the Metazoa.
Metazoon,One of the Metazoa.
Mete,Meat.
Mette,of Mete
Meted,of Mete
Meting,of Mete
Metempiric,Alt. of Metempirical
Metempiricism,The science that is concerned with metempirics.
Metempsychosed,of Metempsychose
Metempsychosing,of Metempsychose
Metempsychose,To translate or transfer  as the soul from one body to another.
Meteorical,Meteoric.
Meteorism,Flatulent distention of the abdomen; tympanites.
Meteorize,To ascend in vapors; to take the form of a meteor.
Meteorograph,An instrument which registers meteorologic phases or conditions.
Meteorographic,Of or pertaining to meteorography.
Meteorography,The registration of meteorological phenomena.
Meteoroidal,Of or pertaining to a meteoroid or to meteoroids.
Meteorolite,A meteoric stone; an aerolite; a meteorite.
Meteoroligic,Alt. of Meteorological
Meteorologist,A person skilled in meteorology.
Meteoroscope,An astrolabe; a planisphere.
Meteorous,Of the nature or appearance of a meteor.
Meter,One who  or that which metes or measures. See Coal-meter.
Meterage,The act of measuring  or the cost of measuring.
Metewand,A measuring rod.
Meteyard,A yard  staff or rod used as a measure.
Meth,See Meathe.
Metheglin,A fermented beverage made of honey and water; mead.
Methene,See Methylene.
Methought,of Methinks
Methinks,It seems to me; I think. See Me.
Methionate,A salt of methionic acid.
Methodic,Alt. of Methodical
Methodios,The art and principles of method.
Methodist,One who observes method.
Methodistic,Alt. of Methodistical
Methodistical,Of or pertaining to methodists  or to the Methodists.
Methodized,of Methodize
Methodizing,of Methodize
Methodizer,One who methodizes.
Methodological,Of or pertaining to methodology.
Methodology,The science of method or arrangement; a treatise on method.
Methoxyl,A hypothetical radical  CH3O analogous to hydroxyl.
Methylamine,See Methyl amine  under Methyl.
Meticulous,Timid; fearful.
Metif,Alt. of Metive
Metive,See Metis.
Metis,Alt. of Metisse
Metisse,The offspring of a white person and an American Indian.
Metoche,The space between two dentils.
Metonic,Pertaining to  or discovered by Meton the Athenian.
Metonymic,Alt. of Metonymical
Metonymical,Used by way of metonymy.
Metopomancy,Fortune telling by physiognomy.
Metoposcopic,Alt. of Metoposcopical
Metoposcopical,Of or relating to metoposcopy.
Metoposcopist,One versed in metoposcopy.
Metrically,In a metrical manner.
Metrician,A composer of verses.
Metric system,See Metric  a.
Metrification,Composition in metrical form; versification.
Metrify,To make verse.
Metrist,A maker of verses.
Metritis,Inflammation of the womb.
Metrochrome,An instrument for measuring colors.
Metrological,Of or pertaining to metrology.
Metromania,A mania for writing verses.
Metromaniac,One who has metromania.
Metrometer,An instrument for measuring the size of the womb.
Metronomy,Measurement of time by an instrument.
Metropole,A metropolis.
Metropolis,The mother city; the chief city of a kingdom  state or country.
Metropolitanate,The see of a metropolitan bishop.
Metropolite,A metropolitan.
Mettled,Having mettle; high-spirited; ardent; full of fire.
Meute,A cage for hawks; a mew. See 4th Mew  1.
Meve,To move.
Mewed,of Mew
Mewing,of Mew
Mewled,of Mewl
Mewling,of Mewl
Mewl,To cry  as a young child; to squall.
Mewler,One that mewls.
Mexal,Alt. of Mexical
Mexical,See Mescal.
Mexican,Of or pertaining to Mexico or its people.
Neyne,Same as Meine.
Mezcal,Same as Mescal.
Mezquita,A mosque.
Mezzanine,Same as Entresol.
Mezza voce,With a medium fullness of sound.
Mezzo,Mean; not extreme.
Mezzo-relievo,Mezzo-rilievo.
Mezzotinter,One who engraves in mezzotint.
Mezzotinto,Mezzotint.
Mezzotintoed,of Mezzotinto
Mezzotintoing,of Mezzotinto
Mhorr,See Mohr.
Mias,The orang-outang.
Miasm,Miasma.
Miasmata,of Miasma
Miasmal,Containing miasma; miasmatic.
Miasmatic,Alt. of Miasmatical
Miasmatist,One who has made a special study of miasma.
Miasmology,That department of medical science which treats of miasma.
Miauled,of Miaul
Miauling,of Miaul
Miaul,To cry as a cat; to mew; to caterwaul.
Mice,pl of Mouse.
Micellae,of Micella
Mich,Alt. of Miche
Miche,To lie hid; to skulk; to act  or carry one's self sneakingly.
Michery,Theft; cheating.
Miching,Hiding; skulking; cowardly.
Mickle,Much; great.
Micmacs,A tribe of Indians inhabiting Nova Scotia and New Brunswick.
Micracoustic,Same as Microustic.
Micrencephalous,Having a small brain.
Micro-,Alt. of Micr-
Micr-,A combining form
Microbe,Alt. of Microbion
Microbic,Of or pertaining to a microbe.
Microcephalic,Alt. of Microcephalous
Micro-chemical,Of or pertaining to micro-chemistry; as  a micro-chemical test.
Microchronometer,A chronoscope.
Micrococcal,Of or pertaining to micrococci; caused by micrococci.
Micrococci,of Micrococcus
Microcosmic,Alt. of Microcosmical
Microcosmical,Of or pertaining to the microcosm.
Microcosmography,Description of man as a microcosm.
Microdont,Having small teeth.
Microfarad,The millionth part of a farad.
Micro-geological,Of or pertaining to micro-geology.
Micrograph,An instrument for executing minute writing or engraving.
Micrographic,Of or pertaining to micrography.
Micrography,The description of microscopic objects.
Microhm,The millionth part of an ohm.
Microlith,Same as Microlite  2.
Microlithic,Formed of small stones.
Micrologic,Alt. of Micrological
Micrometric,Alt. of Micrometrical
Micrometrical,Belonging to micrometry; made by the micrometer.
Micrometry,The art of measuring with a micrometer.
Micromillimeter,The millionth part of a meter.
Micronometer,An instrument for noting minute portions of time.
Microphonous,Serving to augment the intensity of weak sounds; microcoustic.
Microphotography,The art of making microphotographs.
Microphthalmia,Alt. of Microphthalmy
Microphyllous,Small-leaved.
Microphytal,Pertaining to  or of the nature of microphytes.
Microscopal,Pertaining to microscopy  or to the use of the microscope.
Microscopial,Microscopic.
Microscopic,Alt. of Microscopical
Microscopist,One skilled in  or given to microscopy.
Microscopy,The use of the microscope; investigation with the microscope.
Microsporic,Of or pertaining to microspores.
Microtomist,One who is skilled in or practices microtomy.
Microweber,The millionth part of one weber.
Microzoa,The Infusoria.
Mid,Denoting the middle part; as  in mid ocean.
Mida,The larva of the bean fly.
Midbrain,The middle segment of the brain; the mesencephalon. See Brain.
Midday,The middle part of the day; noon.
Midden,A dunghill.
Midden crow,The common European crow.
Middest,Situated most nearly in the middle; middlemost; midmost.
Midding,Same as Midden.
Middle-age,Of or pertaining to the Middle Ages; mediaeval.
Middle-earth,The world  considered as lying between heaven and hell.
Middlemen,of Middleman
Middlemost,Being in the middle  or nearest the middle; midmost.
Middies,of Middy
Middy,A colloquial abbreviation of midshipman.
Midfeather,A vertical water space in a fire box or combustion chamber.
Midget,A minute bloodsucking fly.
Midheaven,The midst or middle of heaven or the sky.
Midmain,The middle part of the main or sea.
Midmost,Middle; middlemost.
Midnight,The middle of the night; twelve o'clock at night.
Midrashim,of Midrash
Midrashoth,of Midrash
Midrash,A talmudic exposition of the Hebrew law  or of some part of it.
Midriff,See Diaphragm  n. 2.
Mid sea,Alt. of Mid-sea
Mid-sea,The middle part of the sea or ocean.
Midship,Of or pertaining to  or being in the middle of a ship.
Midshipmen,of Midshipman
Midships,In the middle of a ship; -- properly amidships.
Midsummer,The middle of summer.
Midward,Situated in the middle.
Midway,The middle of the way or distance; a middle way or course.
Midweek,The middle of the week. Also used adjectively.
Midwives,of Midwife
Midwinter,The middle of winter.
Midwive,To midwife.
Mien,Aspect; air; manner; demeanor; carriage; bearing.
Miff,A petty falling out; a tiff; a quarrel; offense.
Mightful,Mighty.
Mightless,Without; weak.
Mighty,Possessing might; having great power or authority.
Mighties,of Mighty
Migniard,Soft; dainty.
Migniardise,Delicate fondling.
Mignon,See 3d Minion.
Migraine,Same as Megrim.
Migrant,Migratory.
Migrated,of Migrate
Migrating,of Migrate
Migration,The act of migrating.
Mikado,The popular designation of the hereditary sovereign of Japan.
Mikmaks,Same as Micmacs.
Milage,Same as Mileage.
Milanese,Of or pertaining to Milan in Italy  or to its inhabitants.
Milch,Giving milk; -- now applied only to beasts.
Milden,To make mild  or milder.
Mildewed,of Mildew
Mildewing,of Mildew
Mildly,In a mild manner.
Mileage,An allowance for traveling expenses at a certain rate per mile.
Milestone,A stone serving the same purpose as a milepost.
Miliary,Like millet seeds; as  a miliary eruption.
Milice,Militia.
Miliolite,A fossil shell of  or similar to the genus Miliola.
Miliolitic,Of or pertaining to the genus Miliola; containing miliolites.
Militancy,The state of being militant; warfare.
Militant,Engaged in warfare; fighting; combating; serving as a soldier.
Militar,Military.
Militarily,In a military manner.
Militarist,A military man.
Militated,of Militate
Militating,of Militate
Militiamen,of Militiaman
Militiaman,One who belongs to the militia.
Militiate,To carry on  or prepare for war.
Milked,of Milk
Milking,of Milk
Milken,Consisting of milk.
Milker,One who milks; also  a mechanical apparatus for milking cows.
Milkful,Full of milk; abounding with food.
Milkily,In a milky manner.
Milkiness,State or quality of being milky.
Milk-livered,White-livered; cowardly; timorous.
Milkmaid,A woman who milks cows or is employed in the dairy.
Milkmen,of Milkman
Milkman,A man who sells milk or delivers is to customers.
Milky,Consisting of  or containing milk.
Milled,of Mill
Milling,of Mill
Millboard,A kind of stout pasteboard.
Millenarianism,Alt. of Millenarism
Millenarism,The doctrine of Millenarians.
Millenary,Consisting of a thousand; millennial.
Millennialism,Alt. of Millenniarism
Millenniarism,Belief in  or expectation of the millennium; millenarianism.
Millennist,One who believes in the millennium.
Milleped,A myriapod with many legs  esp. a chilognath as the galleyworm.
Millepora,A genus of Hydrocorallia  which includes the millipores.
Milleporite,A fossil millepore.
Miller,One who keeps or attends a flour mill or gristmill.
Milliampere,The thousandth part of one ampere.
Milliard,A thousand millions; -- called also billion. See Billion.
Milliaries,of Milliary
Millifold,Thousandfold.
Milligram,Alt. of Milligramme
Milliliter,Alt. of Millilitre
Millimeter,Alt. of Millimetre
Millinet,A stiff cotton fabric used by milliners for lining bonnets.
Millionairess,A woman who is a millionaire  or the wife of a millionaire.
Millioned,Multiplied by millions; innumerable.
Millionnaire,Millionaire.
Milliped,The same Milleped.
Millistere,A liter  or cubic decimeter.
Milliweber,The thousandth part of one weber.
Millrea,Alt. of Millreis
Millree,Alt. of Millreis
Millreis,See Milreis.
Millrind,Alt. of Millrynd
Millwork,The shafting  gearing and other driving machinery of mills.
Milt,The spleen.
Milter,A male fish.
Miltonian,Miltonic.
Milvine,Of or resembling birds of the kite kind.
Milvus,A genus of raptorial birds  including the European kite.
Mimeograph,An autographic stencil copying device invented by Edison.
Mimesis,Imitation; mimicry.
Mimetene,See Mimetite.
Mimetic,Alt. of Mimetical
Mimetical,Apt to imitate; given to mimicry; imitative.
Mimetism,Same as Mimicry.
Mimic,Alt. of Mimical
Mimical,Imitative; mimetic.
Mimicked,of Mimic
Mimicking,of Mimic
Mimically,In an imitative manner.
Mimicker,One who mimics; a mimic.
Mimographer,A writer of mimes.
Minae,of Mina
Minas,of Mina
Minable,Such as can be mined; as  minable earth.
Minacious,Threatening; menacing.
Minacity,Disposition to threaten.
Minatorially,Alt. of Minatorily
Minatorily,In a minatory manner; with threats.
Minatory,Threatening; menacing.
Minaul,Same as Manul.
Minced,of Mince
Minging,of Mince
Mince pie,A pie made of mince-meat.
Mincer,One who minces.
Mincing,That minces; characterized by primness or affected nicety.
Mincingly,In a mincing manner; not fully; with affected nicety.
Minded,of Mind
Minding,of Mind
Mindful,Bearing in mind; regardful; attentive; heedful; observant.
Mindless,Not indued with mind or intellectual powers; stupid; unthinking.
Mine,See Mien.
Mined,of Mine
Mining,of Mine
Mineralist,One versed in minerals; mineralogist.
Mineralized,of Mineralize
Mineralizing,of Mineralize
Mineralize,To transform into a mineral.
Mineralogical,Of or pertaining to mineralogy; as  a mineralogical table.
Mineralogically,According to the principles of  or with reference to mineralogy.
Mineralogist,One versed in mineralogy; one devoted to the study of minerals.
Mineralogize,To study mineralogy by collecting and examining minerals.
Mineralogies,of Mineralogy
Minette,The smallest of regular sizes of portrait photographs.
Minever,Same as Miniver.
Minge,To mingle; to mix.
Mingled,of Mingle
Mingling,of Mingle
Mingleable,That can be mingled.
Mingledly,Confusedly.
Mingle-mangle,To mix in a disorderly way; to make a mess of.
Minglement,The act of mingling  or the state of being mixed.
Mingler,One who mingles.
Minglingly,In a mingling manner.
Minaceous,Of the color of minium or red lead; miniate.
Miniard,Migniard.
Miniardize,To render delicate or dainty.
Miniated,of Miniate
Miniating,of Miniate
Miniaturist,A painter of miniatures.
Minibus,A kind of light passenger vehicle  carrying four persons.
Minie rifle,A rifle adapted to minie balls.
Minified,of Minify
Minifying,of Minify
Minikin,A little darling; a favorite; a minion.
Miniment,A trifle; a trinket; a token.
Minimization,The act or process of minimizing.
Minimized,of Minimize
Minimizimg,of Minimize
Minima,of Minimum
Minimi,of Minimus
Minimus,A being of the smallest size.
Minion,Minimum.
Minionette,Small; delicate.
Minioning,Kind treatment.
Minionize,To flavor.
Minionlike,Alt. of Minionly
Minionly,Like a minion; daintily.
Minionship,State of being a minion.
Minious,Of the color of red or vermilion.
Minish,To diminish; to lessen.
Ministered,of Minister
Ministering,of Minister
Ministerial,Of or pertaining to ministry or service; serving; attendant.
Ministerialist,A supporter of the ministers  or the party in power.
Ministery,See Ministry.
Ministracy,Ministration.
Ministral,Ministerial.
Ministration,The act of ministering; service; ministry.
Ministrative,Serving to aid; ministering.
Ministress,A woman who ministers.
Ministry,The act of ministering; ministration; service.
Ministryship,The office of a minister.
Minivet,A singing bird of India of the family Campephagidae.
Minny,A minnow.
Minorate,To diminish.
Minoration,A diminution.
Minoress,See Franciscan Nuns  under Franciscan a.
Minorite,A Franciscan friar.
Minorities,of Minority
Minority,The state of being a minor  or under age.
Minow,See Minnow.
Minted,of Mint
Minting,of Mint
Mintage,The coin  or other production made in a mint.
Minter,One who mints.
Mintmen,of Mintman
Mintman,One skilled in coining  or in coins; a coiner.
Mint-master,The master or superintendent of a mint. Also used figuratively.
Minuend,The number from which another number is to be subtracted.
Minum,A small kind of printing type; minion.
Minuscule,Any very small  minute object.
Minutary,Pertaining to  or consisting of minutes.
Minutely,In a minute manner; with minuteness; exactly; nicely.
Minutemen,of Minuteman
Minuteness,The quality of being minute.
Minutiae,of Minutia
Minx,A pert or a wanton girl.
Miny,Abounding with mines; like a mine.
Miocene,Of or pertaining to the middle division of the Tertiary.
Miquelet,An irregular or partisan soldier; a bandit.
Mir,A Russian village community.
Mira,A remarkable variable star in the constellation Cetus (/ Ceti).
Mirabilaries,of Mirabilary
Mirabilis,A genus of plants. See Four-o'clock.
Mirabilite,Native sodium sulphate; Glauber's salt.
Mirable,Wonderful; admirable.
Miracle,A wonder or wonderful thing.
Miraculize,To cause to seem to be a miracle.
Mirador,Same as Belvedere.
Mirbane,See Nitrobenzene.
Mire,An ant.
Mired,of Mire
Miring,of Mire
Mirific,Alt. of Mirifical
Mirifical,Working wonders; wonderful.
Mirificent,Wonderful.
Miriness,The quality of being miry.
Mirk,Dark; gloomy; murky.
Mirksome,Dark; gloomy; murky.
Mirky,Dark; gloomy. See Murky.
Mirrored,of Mirror
Mirroring,of Mirror
Mirth,Merriment; gayety accompanied with laughter; jollity.
Mirthful,Full of mirth or merriment; merry; as  mirthful children.
Mirthless,Without mirth.
Miry,Abounding with deep mud; full of mire; muddy; as  a miry road.
Mis,Wrong; amiss.
Misacceptation,Wrong acceptation; understanding in a wrong sense.
Misaccompt,To account or reckon wrongly.
Misadjust,To adjust wrongly of unsuitably; to throw of adjustment.
Misadjustment,Wrong adjustment; unsuitable arrangement.
Misadventured,Unfortunate.
Misadventurous,Unfortunate.
Misadvertence,Inadvertence.
Misadvice,Bad advice.
Misadvise,To give bad counsel to.
Misadvised,Ill advised.
Misaffect,To dislike.
Misaffected,Ill disposed.
Misaffection,An evil or wrong affection; the state of being ill affected.
Misaffirm,To affirm incorrectly.
Misaimed,Not rightly aimed.
Misallegation,A erroneous statement or allegation.
Misallege,To state erroneously.
Misallied,Wrongly allied or associated.
Misallotment,A wrong allotment.
Misalter,To alter wrongly; esp.  to alter for the worse.
Misanthrope,A hater of mankind; a misanthropist.
Misanthropic,Alt. of Misanthropical
Misanthropical,Hating or disliking mankind.
Misanthropist,A misanthrope.
Misanthropos,A misanthrope.
Misanthropy,Hatred of  or dislike to mankind; -- opposed to philanthropy.
Misapplication,A wrong application.
Misapplied,of Misapply
Misapplying,of Misapply
Misappreciated,Improperly appreciated.
Misapprehend,To take in a wrong sense; to misunderstand.
Misapprehensively,By  or with misapprehension.
Misappropriate,To appropriate wrongly; to use for a wrong purpose.
Misappropriation,Wrong appropriation; wrongful use.
Misarranged,of Misarrange
Misarranging,of Misarrange
Misarrange,To place in a wrong order  or improper manner.
Misarrangement,Wrong arrangement.
Misarcribe,To ascribe wrongly.
Misassay,To assay  or attempt improperly or unsuccessfully.
Misassign,To assign wrongly.
Misattend,To misunderstand; to disregard.
Misaventure,Misadventure.
Misavize,To misadvise.
Misbecome,Not to become; to suit ill; not to befit or be adapted to.
Misbecoming,Unbecoming.
Misbode,of Misbede
Misboden,of Misbede
Misbede,To wrong; to do injury to.
Misbefitting,No befitting.
Misbegot,Alt. of Misbegotten
Misbegotten,Unlawfully or irregularly begotten; of bad origin; pernicious.
Misbehaved,of Misbehave
Misbehaving,of Misbehave
Misbehavior,Improper  rude or uncivil behavior; ill conduct.
Misbelief,Erroneous or false belief.
Misbelieve,To believe erroneously  or in a false religion.
Misbeliever,One who believes wrongly; one who holds a false religion.
Misbeseem,To suit ill.
Misbestow,To bestow improperly.
Misbestowal,The act of misbestowing.
Misbileve,Misbelief; unbelief; suspicion.
Misborn,Born to misfortune.
Miscalculate,To calculate erroneously; to judge wrongly.
Miscall,To call by a wrong name; to name improperly.
Miscarriageable,Capable of miscarrying; liable to fail.
Miscarried,of Miscarry
Miscarrying,of Miscarry
Miscast,To cast or reckon wrongly.
Miscellanarian,Of or pertaining to miscellanies.
Miscellanea,A collection of miscellaneous matters; matters of various kinds.
Miscellanist,A writer of miscellanies; miscellanarian.
Miscellanies,of Miscellany
Miscensure,To misjudge.
Mischance,Ill luck; ill fortune; mishap.
Mischanceful,Unlucky.
Mischarge,To charge erroneously  as in account.
Mischiefable,Mischievous.
Mischiefful,Mischievous.
Mischief-making,Causing harm; exciting enmity or quarrels.
Mischna,See Mishna.
Mischnic,See Mishnic.
Mischose,of Mischoose
Mischosen,of Mischoose
Mischoosing,of Mischoose
Mischoose,To choose wrongly.
Mischristen,To christen wrongly.
Miscibility,Capability of being mixed.
Miscitation,Erroneous citation.
Miscite,To cite erroneously.
Misclaim,A mistaken claim.
Miscognizant,Not cognizant; ignorant; not knowing.
Miscognize,To fail to apprehend; to misunderstand.
Miscollocation,Wrong collocation.
Miscomfort,Discomfort.
Miscomprehend,To get a wrong idea of or about; to misunderstand.
Miscomputation,Erroneous computation; false reckoning.
Miscompute,To compute erroneously.
Misconceit,Misconception.
Misconceived,of Misconceive
Misconceiving,of Misconceive
Misconceiver,One who misconceives.
Misconception,Erroneous conception; false opinion; wrong understanding.
Misconclusion,An erroneous inference or conclusion.
Misconduct,Wrong conduct; bad behavior; mismanagement.
Misconfident,Having a mistaken confidence; wrongly trusting.
Misconjecture,A wrong conjecture or guess.
Misconsecrate,To consecrate amiss.
Misconsecration,Wrong consecration.
Misconsequence,A wrong consequence; a false deduction.
Misconstruable,Such as can be misconstrued  as language or conduct.
Misconstruct,To construct wrongly; to construe or interpret erroneously.
Misconstruction,Erroneous construction; wrong interpretation.
Misconstrued,of Misconstrue
Misconstruing,of Misconstrue
Misconstrue,To construe wrongly; to interpret erroneously.
Misconstruer,One who misconstrues.
Miscontent,Discontent.
Miscontinuance,Discontinuance; also  continuance by undue process.
Miscopy,To copy amiss.
Miscorrect,To fail or err in attempting to correct.
Miscounsel,To counsel or advise wrongly.
Miscount,To count erroneously.
Miscovet,To covet wrongfully.
Miscreance,Alt. of Miscreancy
Miscreant,One who holds a false religious faith; a misbeliever.
Miscreate,Miscreated; illegitimate; forged; as  miscreate titles.
Miscreated,Formed unnaturally or illegitimately; deformed.
Miscreative,Creating amiss.
Miscredent,A miscreant  or believer in a false religious doctrine.
Miscredulity,Wrong credulity or belief; misbelief.
Misdated,of Misdate
Misdating,of Misdate
Misdate,To date erroneously.
Misdealt,of Misdeal
Misdealing,of Misdeal
Misdeed,An evil deed; a wicked action.
Misdeem,To misjudge.
Misdemeanant,One guilty of a misdemeanor.
Misdemeanor,Ill behavior; evil conduct; fault.
Misdempt,p. p. of Misdeem.
Misdepart,To distribute wrongly.
Misderive,To turn or divert improperly; to misdirect.
Misdescribe,To describe wrongly.
Misdesert,Ill desert.
Misdevotion,Mistaken devotion.
Misdiet,Improper.
Misdight,Arrayed  prepared or furnished unsuitably.
Misdirection,The act of directing wrongly  or the state of being so directed.
Misdisposition,Erroneous disposal or application.
Misdistinguish,To make wrong distinctions in or concerning.
Misdivide,To divide wrongly.
Misdivision,Wrong division.
Misdid,of Misdo
Misdone,of Misdo
Misdoing,of Misdo
Misdo,To do wrongly.
Misdoer,A wrongdoer.
Misdoubt,To be suspicious of; to have suspicion.
Misdoubtful,Misgiving; hesitating.
Misdread,Dread of evil.
Mise,The issue in a writ of right.
Misease,Want of ease; discomfort; misery.
Miseased,Having discomfort or misery; troubled.
Miseasy,Not easy; painful.
Misedition,An incorrect or spurious edition.
Miseducate,To educate in a wrong manner.
Misemploy,To employ amiss; as  to misemploy time advantages talents etc.
Misemployment,Wrong or mistaken employment.
Misenter,To enter or insert wrongly  as a charge in an account.
Misentreat,To treat wrongfully.
Misentry,An erroneous entry or charge  as of an account.
Miser,A wretched person; a person afflicted by any great misfortune.
Miserable,Very unhappy; wretched.
Miserableness,The state or quality of being miserable.
Miserably,In a miserable; unhappily; calamitously; wretchedly; meanly.
Miseration,Commiseration.
Misericorde,Compassion; pity; mercy.
Misericordia,An amercement.
Miserly,Like a miser; very covetous; sordid; niggardly.
Miseries,of Misery
Misesteem,Want of esteem; disrespect.
Misestimate,To estimate erroneously.
Misexplanation,An erroneous explanation.
Misexplication,Wrong explication.
Misexposition,Wrong exposition.
Misexpound,To expound erroneously.
Misexpression,Wrong expression.
Misfaith,Want of faith; distrust.
Misfell,of Misfall
Misfallen,of Misfall
Misfalling,of Misfall
Misfall,To befall  as ill luck; to happen to unluckily.
Misfare,To fare ill.
Misfashion,To form wrongly.
Misfeature,Ill feature.
Misfeeling,Insensate.
Misfeign,To feign with an evil design.
Misformed,of Misform
Misforming,of Misform
Misform,To make in an ill form.
Misformation,Malformation.
Misfortunate,Producing misfortune.
Misfortuned,Unfortunate.
Misframe,To frame wrongly.
Misget,To get wrongfully.
Misgie,See Misgye.
Misgave,of Misgive
Misgiven,of Misgive
Misgiving,of Misgive
Misgive,To give or grant amiss.
Migo,To go astray.
Misgotten,Unjustly gotten.
Misgovern,To govern ill; as  to misgovern a country.
Misgovernance,Misgovernment; misconduct; misbehavior.
Misgoverned,Ill governed  as a people; ill directed.
Misgovernment,Bad government; want of government.
Misgracious,Not gracious.
Misgraff,To misgraft.
Misgraft,To graft wrongly.
Misground,To found erroneously.
Misgrowth,Bad growth; an unnatural or abnormal growth.
Misguess,To guess wrongly.
Misguidance,Wrong guidance.
Misguiding,Misleading.
Misgye,To misguide.
Mishandle,To handle ill or wrongly; to maltreat.
Mishap,Evil accident; ill luck; misfortune; mischance.
Mishappen,To happen ill or unluckily.
Mishappy,Unhappy.
Mishcup,The scup.
Mishear,To hear incorrectly.
Mishmash,A hotchpotch.
Mishnic,Of or pertaining to the Mishna.
Misimagination,Wrong imagination; delusion.
Misimprovement,Ill use or employment; use for a bad purpose.
Misinfer,To infer incorrectly.
Misinform,To give untrue information to; to inform wrongly.
Misinformant,A misinformer.
Misinformation,Untrue or incorrect information.
Misinformer,One who gives or incorrect information.
Misinstruct,To instruct amiss.
Misinstruction,Wrong or improper instruction.
Misintelligence,Wrong information; misinformation.
Misintend,To aim amiss.
Misinterpretable,Capable of being misinterpreted; liable to be misunderstood.
Misinterpretation,The act of interpreting erroneously; a mistaken interpretation.
Misinterpreter,One who interprets erroneously.
Misjoin,To join unfitly or improperly.
Misjudgment,A wrong or unjust judgment.
Miskeep,To keep wrongly.
Misken,Not to know.
Miskin,A little bagpipe.
Miskindle,To kindle amiss; to inflame to a bad purpose; to excite wrongly.
Misknow,To have a mistaken notion of or about.
Mislactation,Defective flow or vitiated condition of the milk.
Mislaid,of Mislay
Mislaying,of Mislay
Mislay,To lay in a wrong place; to ascribe to a wrong source.
Mislayer,One who mislays.
Misled,of Misle
Misling,of Misle
Misle,To rain in very fine drops  like a thick mist; to mizzle.
Misleading,of Mislead
Misleader,One who leads into error.
Mislearn,To learn wrongly.
Milen,See Maslin.
Misletoe,See Mistletoe.
Mislight,To deceive or lead astray with a false light.
Misliked,of Mislike
Misliking,of Mislike
Misliker,One who dislikes.
Mislin,See Maslin.
Mislive,To live amiss.
Mislodge,To lodge amiss.
Misluck,Ill luck; misfortune.
Misly,Raining in very small drops.
Mistake,To make or form amiss; to spoil in making.
Mismanage,To manage ill or improperly; as  to mismanage public affairs.
Mismanagement,Wrong or bad management; as  he failed through mismagement.
Mismanager,One who manages ill.
Mismark,To mark wrongly.
Mismatch,To match unsuitably.
Mismeasure,To measure or estimate incorrectly.
Mismeasurement,Wrong measurement.
Mismeter,To give the wrong meter to  as to a line of verse.
Misnumber,To number wrongly.
Misnurture,To nurture or train wrongly; as  to misnurture children.
Misobedience,Mistaken obedience; disobedience.
Misobserve,To observe inaccurately; to mistake in observing.
Misobserver,One who misobserves; one who fails to observe properly.
Misogamist,A hater of marriage.
Misogamy,Hatre/ of marriage.
Misogynist,A woman hater.
Misogynous,Hating women.
Misogyny,Hatred of women.
Misology,Hatred of argument or discussion; hatred of enlightenment.
Misopinion,Wrong opinion.
Misorder,To order ill; to manage erroneously; to conduct badly.
Misorderly,Irregular; disorderly.
Misordination,Wrong ordination.
Misotheism,Hatred of God.
Mispaint,To paint ill  or wrongly.
Mispassion,Wrong passion or feeling.
Mispay,To dissatisfy.
Mispell,Alt. of Mispend
Mispend,See Misspell  Misspend etc.
Mispense,See Misspense.
Misperception,Erroneous perception.
Mispersuade,To persuade amiss.
Mispersuasion,A false persuasion; wrong notion or opinion.
Mispickel,Arsenical iron pyrites; arsenopyrite.
Misplaced,of Misplace
Misplacing,of Misplace
Misplacement,The act of misplacing  or the state of being misplaced.
Misplead,To err in pleading.
Mispleading,An error in pleading.
Mispoint,To point improperly; to punctuate wrongly.
Mispolicy,Wrong policy; impolicy.
Mispractice,Wrong practice.
Mispraise,To praise amiss.
Misprint,To print wrong.
Misprise,See Misprize.
Misprision,The act of misprising; misapprehension; misconception; mistake.
Misprize,To slight or undervalue.
Misproceeding,Wrong or irregular proceding.
Mispronounced,of Mispronounce
Mispronouncing,of Mispronounce
Mispronounce,To pronounce incorrectly.
Mispronunciation,Wrong or improper pronunciation.
Misproportion,To give wrong proportions to; to join without due proportion.
Misproud,Viciously proud.
Mispunctuate,To punctuate wrongly or incorrectly.
Misquotation,Erroneous or inaccurate quotation.
Misquote,To quote erroneously or incorrectly.
Misraise,To raise or exite unreasonable.
Misrate,To rate erroneously.
Misread,of Misread
Misreading,of Misread
Misreceive,To receive wrongly.
Misrecital,An inaccurate recital.
Misrecite,To recite erroneously.
Misreckon,To reckon wrongly; to miscalculate.
Misreckoning,An erroneous computation.
Misrecollection,Erroneous or inaccurate recollection.
Misreform,To reform wrongly or imperfectly.
Misregard,Wrong understanding; misconstruction.
Misregulate,To regulate wrongly or imperfectly; to fail to regulate.
Misrehearse,To rehearse or quote incorrectly.
Misrelate,To relate inaccurately.
Misrelation,Erroneous relation or narration.
Misreligion,False religion.
Misremember,To mistake in remembering; not to remember correctly.
Misrender,To render wrongly; to translate or recite wrongly.
Misrepeat,To repeat wrongly; to give a wrong version of.
Misreport,To report erroneously; to give an incorrect account of.
Misrepresentative,Tending to convey a wrong impression; misrepresenting.
Misrepresenter,One who misrepresents.
Misrepute,To have in wrong estimation; to repute or estimate erroneously.
Misrule,To rule badly; to misgovern.
Misruly,Unruly.
Misses,of Miss
Missed,of Miss
Missing,of Miss
Missae,of Missa
Missa,The service or sacrifice of the Mass.
Missay,To say wrongly.
Misseek,To seek for wrongly.
Misseem,To make a false appearance.
Missel,Mistletoe.
Misseldine,The mistletoe.
Misseltoe,See Mistletoe.
Missemblance,False resemblance or semblance.
Missend,To send amiss or incorrectly.
Misserve,To serve unfaithfully.
Misset,To set pr place wrongly.
Misshape,To shape ill; to give an ill or unnatural from to; to deform.
Misshapen,Having a bad or ugly form.
Missificate,To perform Mass.
Missingly,With a sense of loss.
Missionaries,of Missionary
Missis,A mistress; a wife; -- so used by the illiterate.
Missish,Like a miss; prim; affected; sentimental.
Missit,To sit badly or imperfectly upon; to misbecome.
Missound,To sound wrongly; to utter or pronounce incorrectly.
Misspeak,To err in speaking.
Misspeech,Wrong speech.
Misspelled,of Misspell
Misspelt,of Misspell
Misspelling,of Misspell
Misspell,To spell incorrectly.
Misspent,of Misspend
Misspending,of Misspend
Misspender,One who misspends.
misspense,A spending improperly; a wasting.
Misstate,To state wrongly; as  to misstate a question in debate.
Misstatement,An incorrect statement.
Misstayed,Having missed stays; -- said of a ship.
Misstep,A wrong step; an error of conduct.
Missuccess,Failure.
Missuggestion,Wrong or evil suggestion.
Missummation,Wrong summation.
Misswear,To swear falsely.
Missy,See Misy.
Misted,of Mist
Misting,of Mist
Mistakable,Liable to be mistaken; capable of being misconceived.
Mistook,of Mistake
Mistaken,of Mistake
Mistaking,of Mistake
Mistakenly,By mistake.
Mistakenness,Erroneousness.
Mistaker,One who mistakes.
Mistakingly,Erroneously.
Mistaught,Wrongly taught; as  a mistaught youth.
Misteaching,of Misteach
Misteach,To teach wrongly; to instruct erroneously.
Mistold,of Mistell
Mistelling,of Mistell
Mistell,To tell erroneously.
Mistemper,To temper ill; to disorder; as  to mistemper one's head.
Misterm,To call by a wrong name; to miscall.
Mistery,See Mystery  a trade.
Mistful,Clouded with  or as with mist.
Misthink,To think wrongly.
Misthought,Erroneous thought; mistaken opinion; error.
Misthrive,To thrive poorly; to be not thrifty or prosperous.
Misthrow,To throw wrongly.
Mistic,Alt. of Mistico
Mistigris,Alt. of Mistigri
Mistihead,Mistiness.
Mistily,With mist; darkly; obscurely.
Mistime,To time wrongly; not to adapt to the time.
Mistiness,State of being misty.
Mistion,Mixture.
Mistitle,To call by a wrong title.
Mistle,To fall in very fine drops  as rain.
Mistonusk,The American badger.
Mistradition,A wrong tradition.
Mistrain,To train amiss.
Mistranslate,To translate erroneously.
Mistranslation,Wrong translation.
Mistransport,To carry away or mislead wrongfully  as by passion.
Mistreading,Misstep; misbehavior.
Mistreat,To treat amiss; to abuse.
Mistreatment,Wrong treatment.
Mistressship,Female rule or dominion.
Mistrial,A false or erroneous trial; a trial which has no result.
Mistrist,To mistrust.
Mistrow,To think wrongly.
Mistrust,Want of confidence or trust; suspicion; distrust.
Mistruster,One who mistrusts.
Mistrustful,Having or causing mistrust  suspicions or forebodings.
Mistrustingly,With distrust or suspicion.
Mistrustless,Having no mistrust or suspicion.
Mistune,To tune wrongly.
Misturn,To turn amiss; to pervert.
Mistutor,To instruct amiss.
Misunderstood,of Misunderstand
Misunderstanding,of Misunderstand
Misunderstander,One who misunderstands.
Misusage,Bad treatment; abuse.
Misusement,Misuse.
Misuser,One who misuses.
Misvalue,To value wrongly or too little; to undervalue.
Misvouch,To vouch falsely.
Miswander,To wander in a wrong path; to stray; to go astray.
Misway,A wrong way.
Miswear,To wear ill.
Miswed,To wed improperly.
Misween,To ween amiss; to misjudge; to distrust; to be mistaken.
Miswend,To go wrong; to go astray.
Misword,To word wrongly; as  to misword a message or a sentence.
Misworship,Wrong or false worship; mistaken practices in religion.
Misworshiper,One who worships wrongly.
Miswrite,To write incorrectly.
Miswrought,Badly wrought.
Misy,An impure yellow sulphate of iron; yellow copperas or copiapite.
Misyoke,To yoke improperly.
Miszealous,Mistakenly zealous.
Miter,Alt. of Mitre
Mitered,of Mitre
Mitred,of Mitre
Mitering,of Mitre
Mitring,of Mitre
Mithic,See Mythic.
Mithras,The sun god of the Persians.
Mithridatic,Of or pertaining to King Mithridates  or to a mithridate.
Mitigable,Admitting of mitigation; that may be mitigated.
Mitigant,Tending to mitigate; mitigating; lentitive.
Mitigated,of Mitigate
Mitigating,of Mitigate
Mitigative,Tending to mitigate; alleviating.
Mitigator,One who  or that which mitigates.
Mitigatory,Tending to mitigate or alleviate; mitigative.
Miting,A little one; -- used as a term of endearment.
Mitome,The denser part of the protoplasm of a cell.
Mitosis,See Karyokinesis.
Mitraille,Shot or bits of iron used sometimes in loading cannon.
Mitrailleur,One who serves a mitrailleuse.
Mittened,Covered with a mitten or mittens.
Mittent,Sending forth; emitting.
Mitty,The stormy petrel.
Mitu,A South American curassow of the genus Mitua.
Mity,Having  or abounding with mites.
Mixed,of Mix
Mixt,of Mix
Mixing,of Mix
Mixable,Capable of being mixed.
Mixedly,In a mixed or mingled manner.
Mixen,A compost heap; a dunghill.
Mixer,One who  or that which mixes.
Mixolydian mode,The seventh ecclesiastical mode  whose scale commences on G.
Mixtilineal,Alt. of Mixtilinear
Mixtion,Mixture.
Mixtly,With mixture; in a mixed manner; mixedly.
Mizmaze,A maze or labyrinth.
Mizzen,Hindmost; nearest the stern; as  the mizzen shrouds sails etc.
Mizzled,of Mizzle
Mizzling,of Mizzle
Mizzle,To rain in very fine drops.
Mizzy,A bog or quagmire.
Mnemonic,Alt. of Mnemonical
Mnemonical,Assisting in memory.
Mnemonician,One who instructs in the art of improving or using the memory.
Mnemosyne,The goddess of memory and the mother of the Muses.
Mnemotechny,Mnemonics.
Mo,adv.  & n. More; -- usually more in number.
Moabitess,A female Moabite.
Moabitish,Moabite.
Moaned,of Moan
Moaning,of Moan
Moanful,Full of moaning; expressing sorrow.
Moate,To void the excrement  as a bird; to mute.
Mob,A mobcap.
Mobbed,of Mob
Mobbing,of Mob
Mobbish,Like a mob; tumultuous; lawless; as  a mobbish act.
Mobilization,The act of mobilizing.
Mobilized,of Mobilize
Mobilizing,of Mobilize
Moble,To wrap the head of in a hood.
Mobles,See Moebles.
Mobocratic,Of  or relating to a mobocracy.
Moccasined,Covered with  or wearing a moccasin or moccasins.
Mocha,A seaport town of Arabia  on the Red Sea.
Moche,A bale of raw silk.
Mochel,Much.
Mochila,A large leather flap which covers the saddletree.
Mocked,of Mock
Mocking,of Mock
Mockable,Such as can be mocked.
Mockadour,See Mokadour.
Mockage,Mockery.
Mockbird,The European sedge warbler (Acrocephalus phragmitis).
Mocker,One who  or that which mocks; a scorner; a scoffer; a derider.
Mockeries,of Mockery
Mockingly,By way of derision; in a contemptuous or mocking manner.
Mockingstock,A butt of sport; an object of derision.
Mockish,Mock; counterfeit; sham.
Mockle,See Mickle.
Modality,The quality or state of being modal.
Modally,In a modal manner.
Modeled,of Model
Modelled,of Model
Modeling,of Model
Modelling,of Model
Modeler,One who models; hence  a worker in plastic art.
Modelize,To model.
Modena,A certain crimsonlike color.
Modenese,Of or pertaining to Modena or its inhabitants.
Moder,A mother.
Moderable,Modeate; temperate.
Moderance,Moderation.
Moderated,of Moderate
Moderating,of Moderate
Moderately,In a moderate manner or degree; to a moderate extent.
Moderation,The act of moderating  or of imposing due restraint.
Moderato,With a moderate degree of quickness; moderately.
Moderator,One who  or that which moderates restrains or pacifies.
Moderatorship,The office of a moderator.
Moderatress,A female moderator.
Moderatrix,A female moderator.
Modernist,One who admires the moderns  or their ways and fashions.
Modernity,Modernness; something modern.
Modernized,of Modernize
Modernizing,of Modernize
Modernizer,One who modernizes.
Modernly,In modern times.
Modernness,The quality or state of being modern; recentness; novelty.
Modestly,In a modest manner.
Modicity,Moderateness; smallness; meanness.
Modicum,A little; a small quantity; a measured simply.
Modifiable,Capable of being modified; liable to modification.
Modificable,Modifiable.
Modificate,To qualify.
Modificative,That which modifies or qualifies  as a word or clause.
Modificatory,Tending or serving to modify; modifying.
Modifier,One who  or that which modifies.
Modified,of Modify
Modifying,of Modify
Modiolar,Shaped like a bushel measure.
Modioli,of Modiolus
Modiolus,The central column in the osseous cochlea of the ear.
Modist,One who follows the fashion.
Modii,of Modius
Modius,A dry measure  containing about a peck.
Modulated,of Modulate
Modulating,of Modulate
Modulate,To form  as sound to a certain key or to a certain portion.
Modulator,One who  or that which modulates.
Module,A model or measure.
Moduli,of Modulus
Modi,of Modus
Mody,Fashionable.
Moe,A wry face or mouth; a mow.
Moebles,Movables; furniture; -- also used in the singular (moeble).
Moelline,An unguent for the hair.
Moellon,Rubble masonry.
Moeve,To move.
Moff,A thin silk stuff made in Caucasia.
Mogul,A person of the Mongolian race.
Moha,A kind of millet (Setaria Italica); German millet.
Mohammedanism,Alt. of Mohammedism
Mohammedanize,Alt. of Mohammedize
Mohock,See Mohawk.
Moholi,See Maholi.
Mohurrum,Alt. of Muharram
Muharram,The first month of the Mohammedan year.
Moider,To toil.
Moidore,A gold coin of Portugal  valued at about 27s. sterling.
Moieties,of Moiety
Moiled,of Moil
Moiling,of Moil
Moil,To daub; to make dirty; to soil; to defile.
Moile,A kind of high shoe anciently worn.
Moira,The deity who assigns to every man his lot.
Moistened,of Moisten
Moistening,of Moisten
Moisten,To make damp; to wet in a small degree.
Moistener,One who  or that which moistens.
Moistful,Full of moisture.
Moistless,Without moisture; dry.
Moistness,The quality or state of being moist.
Moisture,A moderate degree of wetness.
Moistureless,Without moisture.
Moisty,Moist.
Moither,To perplex; to confuse.
Mokadour,A handkerchief.
Moke,A donkey.
Moky,Misty; dark; murky; muggy.
Mola,See Sunfish  1.
Molary,Same as 2d Molar.
Mold,A spot; a blemish; a mole.
Molded,of Mould
Moulded,of Mould
Molding,of Mould
Moulding,of Mould
Moldable,Alt. of Mouldable
Mouldable,Capable of being molded or formed.
Moldboard,Alt. of Mouldboard
Molder,Alt. of Moulder
Moldered,of Moulder
Mouldered,of Moulder
Moldering,of Moulder
Mouldering,of Moulder
Moldery,Alt. of Mouldery
Mouldery,Covered or filled with mold; consisting of  or resembling mold.
Moldiness,Alt. of Mouldiness
Mouldiness,The state of being moldy.
Moldwarp,Alt. of Mouldwarp
Mouldwarp,See Mole the animal.
Moldy,Alt. of Mouldy
Mouldy,Overgrown with  or containing mold; as moldy cheese or bread.
Mole,A spot; a stain; a mark which discolors or disfigures.
Moled,of Mole
Moling,of Mole
Molebut,The sunfish (Orthagoriscus  or Mola).
Molecast,A little elevation of earth made by a mole; a molehill.
Molecularly,With molecules; in the manner of molecules.
Mole-eyed,Having eyes like those of the mole; having imperfect sight.
Molendinaceous,Alt. of Molendinarious
Molendinarious,Resembling the sails of a windmill.
Molested,of Molest
Molesting,of Molest
Molester,One who molests.
Molestful,Troublesome; vexatious.
Molestie,Alt. of Molesty
Molesty,Molestation.
Molewarp,See Moldwarp.
Moliminous,Of great bulk or consequence; very important.
Moll,Minor; in the minor mode; as  A moll that is A minor.
Molle,Lower by a semitone; flat; as  E molle that is E flat.
Mollient,Serving to soften; assuaging; emollient.
Molliently,Assuagingly.
Mollifiable,Capable of being mollified.
Mollifier,One who  or that which mollifies.
Mollified,of Mollify
Mollifying,of Mollify
Mollinet,A little mill.
Mollipilose,Having soft hairs; downy.
Mollities,Unnatural softness of any organ or part.
Mollitude,Softness; effeminacy; weakness.
Mollusc,Same as Mollusk.
Molluscan,Of or pertaining to mollusks.
Molluscoid,Resembling the true mollusks; belonging to the Molluscoidea.
Molluscoidal,Molluscoid.
Molluscous,Molluscan.
Mollusk,One of the Mollusca.
Molly,Same as Mollemoke.
Molly-mawk,See Mollemoke.
Molosse,See Molossus.
Molosses,Molasses.
Molossine,A bat of the genus Molossus  as the monk bat.
Molossus,A foot of three long syllables.
Molt,imp. of Melt.
Molted,of Moult
Moulted,of Moult
Molting,of Moult
Moulting,of Moult
Moltable,Capable of assuming a molten state; meltable; fusible.
Molto,Much; very; as  molto adagio very slow.
Molybdate,A salt of molybdic acid.
Molybdena,See Molybdenite.
Molybdenous,See Molybdous.
Molybdite,Molybdic ocher.
Mome,A dull  silent person; a blockhead.
Momental,Lasting but a moment; brief.
Momentally,For a moment.
Momentaneous,Alt. of Momentany
Momentany,Momentary.
Momentarily,Every moment; from moment to moment.
Momentariness,The state or quality of being momentary; shortness of duration.
Momently,For a moment.
Momenta,of Momentum
Momentums,of Momentum
Mommery,See Mummery.
Momot,See Motmot.
Momus,The god of mockery and censure.
Mon-,Same as Mono-.
Monachal,Of or pertaining to monks or a monastic life; monastic.
Monachism,The system and influences of a monastic life; monasticism.
Monadaria,The Infusoria.
Monadelphian,Alt. of Monadelphous
Monadic,Alt. of Monadical
Monadology,The doctrine or theory of monads.
Monamide,An amido compound with only one amido group.
Monander,One of the Monandria.
Monandrian,Same as Monandrous.
Monandrous,Of or pertaining to the monandria; having but one stamen.
Monanthous,Having but one flower; one-flowered.
Monarchess,A female monarch.
Monarchial,Monarchic.
Monarchic,Alt. of Monarchical
Monarchical,Of or pertaining to a monarch  or to monarchy.
Monarchism,The principles of  or preference for monarchy.
Monarchist,An advocate of  or believer in monarchy.
Monarchized,of Monarchize
Monarchizing,of Monarchize
Monarchize,To play the sovereign; to act the monarch.
Monarchizer,One who monarchizes; also  a monarchist.
Monarchies,of Monarchy
Monasterial,Of or pertaining to monastery  or to monastic life.
Monasteries,of Monastery
Monastic,A monk.
Monastically,In a monastic manner.
Monasticism,The monastic life  system or condition.
Monasticon,A book giving an account of monasteries.
Monday,The second day of the week; the day following Sunday.
Monde,The world; a globe as an ensign of royalty.
Mone,The moon.
Monecian,Alt. of Monecious
Monecious,See Monoecian  and Monoecious.
Monembryony,The condition of an ovule having but a single embryo.
Moner,One of the Monera.
Moneral,Of or pertaining to the Monera.
Moneran,Of or pertaining to the Monera.
Monerons,of Moneron
Moneron,One of the Monera.
Monesin,The acrid principle of Monesia  sometimes used as a medicine.
Monest,To warn; to admonish; to advise.
Monetary,Of or pertaining to money  or consisting of money; pecuniary.
Moneth,A month.
Moneys,of Money
Moneyed,Supplied with money; having money; wealthy; as  moneyey men.
Moneyer,A person who deals in money; banker or broker.
Moneyless,Destitute of money; penniless; impecunious.
Money-maker,One who coins or prints money; also  a counterfeiter of money.
Mongcorn,See Mangcorn.
Mongol,One of the Mongols.
Mongolian,Of or pertaining to Mongolia or the Mongols.
Mongolic,See Mongolian.
Mongols,Alt. of Mongolians
Mongoose,Alt. of Mongoos
'Mongst,See Amongst.
Monied,See Moneyed.
Monifier,A fossil fish.
Monish,To admonish; to warn. See Admonish.
Monisher,One who monishes; an admonisher.
Monishment,Admonition.
Monist,A believer in monism.
Monistic,Of  pertaining to or involving monism.
Monitive,Conveying admonition; admonitory.
Monitorial,Of or pertaining to a monitor or monitors.
Monitorially,In a monitorial manner.
Monitorship,The post or office of a monitor.
Monitory,Giving admonition; instructing by way of caution; warning.
Monitress,Alt. of Monitrix
Monitrix,A female monitor.
Monkeries,of Monkery
Monkeys,of Monkey
Monkey-cup,See Nepenthes.
Monkeytail,A short  round iron bar or lever used in naval gunnery.
Monkfish,The angel fish (Squatina).
Monkhood,The character or condition of a monk.
Monking,Monkish.
Monkly,Like  or suitable to a monk.
Monkshood,A plant of the genus Aconitum; aconite. See Aconite.
Mono-,Alt. of Mon-
Mono,The black howler of Central America (Mycetes villosus).
Monocardian,Having a single heart  as fishes and amphibians.
Monocarp,A monocarpic plant.
Monocarpic,Alt. of Monocarpous
Monocephalous,Having a solitary head; -- said of unbranched composite plants.
Monoceros,A one-horned creature; a unicorn; a sea monster with one horn.
Monochromic,Made  or done with a single color; as a monochromic picture.
Monochromy,The art of painting or drawing in monochrome.
Monochronic,Existing at the same time; contemporaneous.
Monociliated,Having but one cilium.
Monocle,An eyeglass for one eye.
Monocline,A monoclinal fold.
Monocotyl,Any monocotyledonous plant.
Monocotyle,Monocotyledonous.
Monocotyledon,A plant with only one cotyledon  or seed lobe.
Monocotyledonous,Having only one cotyledon  seed lobe or seminal leaf.
Monocracy,Government by a single person; undivided rule.
Monocrat,One who governs alone.
Monocular,Having only one eye; with one eye only; as  monocular vision.
Monocule,A small crustacean with one median eye.
Monoculous,Monocular.
Monodactylous,Having but one finger or claw.
Monodelph,Alt. of Monodelphian
Monodelphian,One of the Monodelphia.
Monodelphic,Alt. of Monodelphous
Monodelphous,Of or pertaining to the Monodelphia.
Monodic,Alt. of Monodical
Monodical,Belonging to a monody.
Monodimetric,Dimetric.
Monodist,A writer of a monody.
Monodrama,Alt. of Monodrame
Monodrame,A drama acted  or intended to be acted by a single person.
Monodramatic,Pertaining to a monodrama.
Monodies,of Monody
Monodynamic,Possessing but one capacity or power.
Monoecian,Of or pertaining to the Monoecia; monoecious.
Monoecism,The state or condition of being monoecious.
Monogam,One of the Monogamia.
Monogamian,Alt. of Monogamic
Monogamic,Pertaining to  or involving monogamy.
Monogamist,One who practices or upholds monogamy.
Monogamous,Upholding  or practicing monogamy.
Monogastric,Having but a single stomach.
Monogenic,Of or pertaining to monogenesis.
Monogenistic,Monogenic.
Monogeny,Monogenesis.
Monogoneutic,Having but one brood in a season.
Monogrammal,See Monogrammic.
Monogrammatic,Monogrammic.
Monogrammic,Of  pertaining to or resembling a monogram.
Monogrammous,Monogrammic.
Monographer,A writer of a monograph.
Monographic,Alt. of Monographical
Monographist,One who writes a monograph.
Monographous,Monographic.
Monography,Representation by lines without color; an outline drawing.
Monogyn,One of the Monogynia.
Monogynian,Pertaining to the Monogynia; monogynous.
Monogynous,Of or pertaining to Monogynia; having only one style or stigma.
Monogyny,Marriage with the one woman only.
Monohemerous,Lasting but one day.
Monoicous,Monoecious.
Monolatry,Worship of a single deity.
Monolithal,Monolithic.
Monolithic,Of or pertaining to a monolith; consisting of a single stone.
Monology,The habit of soliloquizing  or of monopolizing conversation.
Monomachia,Alt. of Monomachy
Monomachy,A duel; single combat.
Monomachist,One who fights in single combat; a duelist.
Monomane,A monomaniac.
Monomaniac,A person affected by monomania.
Monome,A monomial.
Monometallic,Consisting of one metal; of or pertaining to monometallism.
Monometer,A rhythmic series  consisting of a single meter.
Monometric,Same as Isometric.
Monomorphic,Alt. of Monomorphous
Monomya,Alt. of Monomyaria
Monomyarian,Alt. of Monomyary
Monomyary,Of or pertaining to the Monomya.
Mononomial,Monomyal.
Monoousian,Alt. of Monoousious
Monoousious,Having but one and the same nature or essence.
Monopathy,Suffering or sensibility in a single organ or function.
Monopersonal,Having but one person  or form of existence.
Monophanous,Having one and the same appearance; having a mutual resemblance.
Monophthong,A single uncompounded vowel sound.
Monophthongal,Consisting of  or pertaining to a monophthong.
Monophyodont,Having but one set of teeth; -- opposed to diphyodont.
Monophysitical,Of or pertaining to Monophysites  or their doctrines.
Monoplast,A monoplastic element.
Monoplegia,Paralysis affecting a single limb.
Monopneumona,A suborder of Dipnoi  including the Ceratodus.
Monopodia,of Monopodium
Monopodium,A single and continuous vegetable axis; -- opposed to sympodium.
Monopody,A measure of but a single foot.
Monopoler,A monopolist.
Monopolistic,Of or pertaining to a monopolist.
Monopolite,A monopolist.
Monopolized,of Monopolize
Monopolizing,of Monopolize
Monopolizer,One who monopolizes.
Monopolies,of Monopoly
Monopolylogue,An exhibition in which an actor sustains many characters.
Monoptera,of Monopteron
Monoptote,A noun having only one case.
Monopyrenous,Having but a single stone or kernel.
Monorganic,Belonging to  or affecting a single organ or set of organs.
Monorhina,The Marsipobranchiata.
Monosperm,A monospermous plant.
Monospermal,Alt. of Monospermous
Monospermous,Having only one seed.
Monospherical,Consisting of one sphere only.
Monostich,A composition consisting of one verse only.
Monostrophe,A metrical composition consisting of a single strophe.
Monosulphuret,See Monosulphide.
Monosyllable,A word of one syllable.
Monosyllabled,Formed into  or consisting of monosyllables.
Monosymmetric,Alt. of Monosymmetrical
Monosymmetrical,Same as Monoclinic.
Monothalaman,A foraminifer having but one chamber.
Monothalamous,One-chambered.
Monothalmic,Formed from one pistil; -- said of fruits.
Monothecal,Having a single loculament.
Monotheism,The doctrine or belief that there is but one God.
Monotheist,One who believes that there is but one God.
Monotheistic,Of or pertaining to monotheism.
Monothelism,Alt. of Monothelitism
Monothelitism,The doctrine of the Monothelites.
Monothelitic,Of or pertaining to the Monothelites  or their doctrine.
Monotocous,Bearing fruit but once; monocarpic.
Monotomous,Having a distinct cleavage in a single direction only.
Monotone,A single unvaried tone or sound.
Monotonic,Alt. of Monotonical
Monotonical,Of  pertaining to or uttered in a monotone; monotonous.
Monotrematous,Of or pertaining to the Monotremata.
Monotreme,One of the Monotremata.
Monotype,Alt. of Monotypic
Monovalent,Having a valence of one; univalent. See Univalent.
Monoxylon,A canoe or boat made from one piece of timber.
Monoxylous,Made of one piece of wood.
Monozoa,A division of Radiolaria; -- called also Monocyttaria.
Monroe doctrine,See under Doctrine.
Messeigneurs,of Monseigneur
Monsel's salt,A basic sulphate of iron; -- so named from Monsel  a Frenchman.
MM.,of Monsieur
Messrs.,of Monsieur
Monsignors,of Monsignore
Monstration,The act of demonstrating; proof.
Monstrosities,of Monstrosity
Monstrous,Marvelous; strange.
Monstrousness,The state or quality of being monstrous  unusual extraordinary.
Monstruosity,Monstrosity.
Monstruous,Monstrous.
Mont,Mountain.
Montaigne,A mountain.
Montanic,Of or pertaining to mountains; consisting of mountains.
Montant,An upward thrust or blow.
Monteith,See Monteth.
Montero,An ancient kind of cap worn by horsemen or huntsmen.
Monteth,Alt. of Monteith
Monthling,That which is a month old  or which lives for a month.
Monthlies,of Monthly
Monticle,A little mount; a hillock; a small elevation or prominence.
Monticulate,Furnished with monticles or little elevations.
Monticule,See Monticle.
Monticulous,Monticulate.
Montiform,Resembling a mountain in form.
Montigenous,Produced on a mountain.
Montoir,A stone used in mounting a horse; a horse block.
Monton,A heap of ore; a mass undergoing the process of amalgamation.
Montross,See Matross.
Monumentally,By way of memorial.
Moo,& n.  See Mo.
Mooed,of Moo
Mooing,of Moo
Mooder,Mother.
Moodily,In a moody manner.
Moodir,The governor of a province in Egypt  etc.
Moodish,Moody.
Moodishly,Moodily.
Moolah,Alt. of Moollah
Moollah,See Mollah.
Moolley,Same as Mulley.
Mooned,of Moon
Mooning,of Moon
Moonbeam,A ray of light from the moon.
Moonblind,Dim-sighted; purblind.
Mooner,One who abstractedly wanders or gazes about  as if moonstruck.
Moonery,Conduct of one who moons.
Moonet,A little moon.
Moon-eyed,Having eyes affected by the moon; moonblind; dim-eyed; purblind.
Moon-faced,Having a round  full face.
Moonflower,The oxeye daisy; -- called also moon daisy.
Moong,Same as Mung.
Moonie,The European goldcrest.
Moonish,Like the moon; variable.
Moonless,Being without a moon or moonlight.
Moonlight,The light of the moon.
Moonling,A simpleton; a lunatic.
Moonlit,Illumined by the moon.
Moonraker,Same as Moonsail.
Moonsail,A sail sometimes carried in light winds  above a skysail.
Moonshee,A Mohammedan professor or teacher of language.
Moonshine,The light of the moon.
Moonshiny,Moonlight.
Moonsticken,See Moonstruck.
Moonwort,The herb lunary or honesty. See Honesty.
Moony,Of or pertaining to the moon.
Moored,of Moor
Mooring,of Moor
Moorage,A place for mooring.
Moorband,See Moorpan.
Mooress,A female Moor; a Moorish woman.
Moorish,Having the characteristics of a moor or heath.
Moorland,Land consisting of a moor or moors.
Moorpan,A clayey layer or pan underlying some moors  etc.
Moorstone,A species of English granite  used as a building stone.
Moory,Of or pertaining to moors; marshy; fenny; boggy; moorish.
Moosewood,The striped maple (Acer Pennsylvanicum).
Moot,See 1st Mot.
Mooted,of Moot
Mooting,of Moot
Mootable,Capable of being mooted.
Mooter,A disputer of a mooted case.
Moot-hall,Alt. of Moot-house
Moot-house,A hall for public meetings; a hall of judgment.
Mootmen,of Mootman
Mootman,One who argued moot cases in the inns of court.
Mop,A made-up face; a grimace.
Mopped,of Mop
Mopping,of Mop
Moped,of Mope
Moping,of Mope
Mope,To be dull and spiritless.
Mope-eyed,Shortsighted; purblind.
Mopeful,Mopish.
Mopish,Dull; spiritless; dejected.
Moplah,One of a class of Mohammedans in Malabar.
Mopsey,Alt. of Mopsy
Mopsy,A moppet.
Mopsical,Shortsighted; mope-eyed.
Mopstick,The long handle of a mop.
Mopus,A mope; a drone.
Moquette,A kind of carpet having a short velvety pile.
Morainic,Of or pertaining to a moranie.
Moraler,A moralizer.
Moralism,A maxim or saying embodying a moral truth.
Moralities,of Morality
Moralization,The act of moralizing; moral reflections or discourse.
Moralized,of Moralize
Moralizing,of Moralize
Moralizer,One who moralizes.
Morally,In a moral or ethical sense; according to the rules of morality.
Morass,A tract of soft  wet ground; a marsh; a fen.
morassy,Marshy; fenny.
Morate,A salt of moric acid.
Moration,A delaying tarrying; delay.
Moravianism,The religious system of the Moravians.
Moray,A muraena.
Morbidezza,Delicacy or softness in the representation of flesh.
Morbidity,The quality or state of being morbid.
Morbidly,In a morbid manner.
Morbidness,The quality or state of being morbid; morbidity.
Morbific,Alt. of Morbifical
Morbose,Proceeding from disease; morbid; unhealthy.
Morbosity,A diseased state; unhealthiness.
Morceau,A bit; a morsel.
Mordant,Biting; caustic; sarcastic; keen; severe.
Mordanted,of Mordant
Mordanting,of Mordant
Mordantly,In the manner of a mordant.
Mordente,An embellishment resembling a trill.
Mordicancy,A biting quality; corrosiveness.
Mordicant,Biting; acrid; as  the mordicant quality of a body.
Mordication,The act of biting or corroding; corrosion.
Mordicative,Biting; corrosive.
More,A hill.
Moreland,Moorland.
Morelle,Nightshade. See 2d Morel.
Morendo,Dying; a gradual decrescendo at the end of a strain or cadence.
Moreness,Greatness.
Moresk,Moresque.
Morglay,A sword.
Moria,Idiocy; imbecility; fatuity; foolishness.
Morian,A Moor.
Moribund,In a dying state; dying; at the point of death.
Morice,See Morisco.
Morigerate,Obedient.
Morigeration,Obsequiousness; obedience.
Morigerous,Obedient; obsequious.
Moril,An edible fungus. Same as 1st Morel.
Morinel,The dotterel.
Morioplasty,The restoration of lost parts of the body.
Morisco,Moresque.
Morisk,Same as Morisco.
Morkin,A beast that has died of disease or by mischance.
Morland,Moorland.
Morling,Mortling.
Mormal,A bad sore; a gangrene; a cancer.
Mormo,A bugbear; false terror.
Mormon,A genus of sea birds  having a large thick bill; the puffin.
Mormondom,The country inhabited by the Mormons; the Mormon people.
Mormonism,The doctrine  system and practices of the Mormons.
Mormonite,A Mormon.
Morne,Of or pertaining to the morn; morning.
Morningtide,Morning time.
Mornward,Towards the morn.
Moro,A small abscess or tumor having a resemblance to a mulberry.
Moroccan,Of or pertaining to Morocco  or its inhabitants.
Morology,Foolish talk; nonsense; folly.
Morone,Maroon; the color of an unripe black mulberry.
Morose,Of a sour temper; sullen and austere; ill-humored; severe.
Morosely,Sourly; with sullen austerity.
Moroseness,Sourness of temper; sulenness.
Morosis,Idiocy; fatuity; stupidity.
Morosity,Moroseness.
Moroshop,A philosophical or learned fool.
Morosous,Morose.
Moroxite,A variety of apatite of a greenish blue color.
Moroxylate,A morate.
Moroxylic,Of  pertaining to or derived from the mulberry; moric.
Morphean,Of or relating to Morpheus  to dreams or to sleep.
Morpheus,The god of dreams.
Morphew,A scurfy eruption.
Morphia,Morphine.
Morphologic,Alt. of Morphological
Morphological,Of  pertaining to or according to the principles of morphology.
Morphologist,One who is versed in the science of morphology.
Morphonomy,The laws of organic formation.
Morphosis,The order or mode of development of an organ or part.
Morpion,A louse.
Morrice,Same as 1st Morris.
Morricer,A morris dancer.
Morrimal,See Mormal.
Morris-pike,A Moorish pike.
Morrot,See Marrot.
Morrow,Morning.
Morse,The walrus. See Walrus.
Morsel,A little bite or bit of food.
Morsing horn,A horn or flask for holding powder  as for priming.
Morsitation,The act of biting or gnawing.
Morsure,The act of biting.
Mort,A great quantity or number.
Mortal,Subject to death; destined to die; as  man is mortal.
Mortalized,of Mortalize
Mortalizing,of Mortalize
Mortalize,To make mortal.
Mortally,In a mortal manner; so as to cause death; as  mortally wounded.
Mortalness,Quality of being mortal; mortality.
Mortgaged,of Mortgage
Mortgaging,of Mortgage
Mortgageor,Alt. of Mortgagor
Mortgagor,One who gives a mortgage.
Mortgager,gives a mortgage.
Mortification,The act of mortifying  or the condition of being mortified
Mortified,imp. & p. p. of Mortify.
Mortifier,One who  or that which mortifies.
Mortifying,of Mortify
Mortifyingly,In a mortifying manner.
Mortised,of Mortise
Mortising,of Mortise
Mortling,An animal  as a sheep dead of disease or privation; a mortling.
Mortmal,See Mormal.
Mortress,Alt. of Mortrew
Mortuaries,of Mortuary
Morulae,of Morula
Morwe,See Morrow.
Morwening,Morning.
Mosaical,Mosaic (in either sense).
Mosaically,In the manner of a mosaic.
Mosasaur,Alt. of Mosasaurian
Moschine,Of or pertaining to Moschus  a genus including the musk deer.
Mosel,See Muzzle.
Mosk,See Mosque.
Moslems,of Moslem
Moslem,of Moslem
Moslings,Thin shreds of leather shaved off in dressing skins.
Mososaurus,Same as Mosasaurus.
Mosque,A Mohammedan church or place of religious worship.
Mosquitoes,of Mosquito
Mossed,of Moss
Mossing,of Moss
Mossbanker,Alt. of Mossbunker
Mossbunker,The menhaded.
Moss-grown,Overgrown with moss.
Mossiness,The state of being mossy.
Mostahiba,See Mustaiba.
Moste,imp. of Mote.
Mostic,Alt. of Mostick
Mostick,A painter's maul-stick.
Mostly,For the greatest part; for the most part; chiefly; in the main.
Mostra,See Direct  n.
Mostwhat,For the most part.
Mot,of Mot
Mote,of Mot
Moote,of Mot
Motacil,Any singing bird of the genus Motacilla; a wagtail.
Motation,The act of moving; motion.
Moted,Filled with motes  or fine floating dust; as the air.
Moth,A mote.
Moths,of Moth
Moth-eat,To eat or prey upon  as a moth eats a garment.
Mothen,Full of moths.
Mothered,of Mother
Mothering,of Mother
Mother-in-law,The mother of one's husband or wife.
Motherland,The country of one's ancestors; -- same as fatherland.
Motherliness,The state or quality of being motherly.
Mother-naked,Naked as when born.
Mothery,Consisting of  containing or resembling mother (in vinegar).
Mothy,Infested with moths; moth-eaten.
Motif,Motive.
Motific,Producing motion.
Motility,Capability of motion; contractility.
Motioned,of Motion
Motioning,of Motion
Motioner,One who makes a motion; a mover.
Motionist,A mover.
Motionless,Without motion; being at rest.
Motive,That which moves; a mover.
Motiveless,Destitute of a motive; not incited by a motive.
Motivity,The power of moving or producing motion.
Motivo,See Motive  n. 3 4.
Motley-minded,Having a mind of a jester; foolish.
Motory,Alt. of Motorial
Motorman,A man who controls a motor.
Motorpathic,Of or pertaining to motorpathy.
Motorpathy,Kinesiatrics.
Motte,A clump of trees in a prairie.
Mottled,of Mottle
Mottling,of Mottle
Mottoes,of Motto
Mottoed,Bearing or having a motto; as  a mottoed coat or device.
Motty,Full of  or consisting of motes.
Mouchoir,A handkerchief.
Mouazzin,See Muezzin.
Mought,Might.
Mouillation,The act of uttering the sound of a mouille letter.
Moule,To contract mold; to grow moldy; to mold.
Mouline,Alt. of Moulinet
Moulten,Having molted.
Moun,pl. of Mow  may.
Mounch,To munch.
Mounded,of Mound
Mounding,of Mound
Mounted,of Mount
Mounting,of Mount
Mountable,Such as can be mounted.
Mountaineer,An inhabitant of a mountain; one who lives among mountains.
Mountainer,A mountaineer.
Mountainet,A small mountain.
Mountainousness,The state or quality of being mountainous.
Mountance,Amount; sum; quantity; extent.
Mountant,Raised; high.
Mountebankish,Like a mountebank or his quackery.
Mountebankism,The practices of a mountebank; mountebankery.
Mountenaunce,Mountance.
Mounter,One who mounts.
Mountingly,In an ascending manner.
Mountlet,A small or low mountain.
Mounty,The rise of a hawk after prey.
Mourned,of Mourn
Mourning,of Mourn
Mourningly,In a mourning manner.
Mournival,See Murnival.
Moused,of Mouse
Mousing,of Mouse
Mousefish,See Frogfish.
Mousekin,A little mouse.
Mouser,A cat that catches mice.
Mousie,Diminutive for Mouse.
Mousle,To sport with roughly; to rumple.
Mousseline,Muslin.
Moustache,Mustache.
Mousy,Infested with mice; smelling of mice.
Mouths,of Mouth
Mouthed,of Mouth
Mouthing,of Mouth
Mouther,One who mouths; an affected speaker.
Mouth-footed,Having the basal joints of the legs converted into jaws.
Mouthfuls,of Mouthful
Mouthful,As much as is usually put into the mouth at one time.
Mouthless,Destitute of a mouth.
Mouth-made,Spoken without sincerity; not heartfelt.
Movability,Movableness.
Movables,of Movable
Movably,In a movable manner or condition.
Moved,of Move
Moving,of Move
Moveless,Motionless; fixed.
Movent,Moving.
Mover,A person or thing that moves  stirs or changes place.
Movingly,In a moving manner.
Movingness,The power of moving.
Mow,A wry face.
Mowe,of Mow
Mowen,of Mow
Mowed,of Mow
Mown,of Mow
Mowing,of Mow
Mowburn,To heat and ferment in the mow  as hay when housed too green.
Mower,One who  or that which mows; a mowing machine; as a lawn mower.
Mowyer,A mower.
Moxie,energy; pep.
Moyle,See Moil  and Moile.
Mozarab,Alt. of Mozarabic
Mozarabic,Same as Muzarab  Muzarabic.
Mozetta,Alt. of Mozzetta
Mucate,A salt of mucic acid.
Muce,See Muse  and Muset.
Muchel,Much.
Muchness,Greatness; extent.
Muchwhat,Nearly; almost; much.
Mucid,Musty; moldy; slimy; mucous.
Mucific,Inducing or stimulating the secretion of mucus; blennogenous.
Muciform,Resembling mucus; having the character or appearance of mucus.
Mucigenous,Connected with the formation of mucin; resembling mucin.
Mucin,See Mucedin.
Mucinogen,Same as Mucigen.
Muciparous,Secreting  or producing mucus or mucin.
Muck,abbreviation of Amuck.
Muckender,A handkerchief.
Mucker,A term of reproach for a low or vulgar labor person.
Muckerer,A miser; a niggard.
Muckiness,The quality of being mucky.
Muckle,Much.
Muckmidden,A dunghill.
Mucksy,Somewhat mucky; soft  sticky and dirty; muxy.
Mucky,Filthy with muck; miry; as  a mucky road.
Mucoid,Resembling mucus.
Muconate,A salt of muconic acid.
Mucopurulent,Having the character or appearance of both mucus and pus.
Mucosity,The quality or state of being mucous or slimy; mucousness.
Mucousness,The quality or state of being mucous; sliminess.
Mucronate,Alt. of Mucronated
Mucronulate,Having  or tipped with a small point or points.
Muculent,Slimy; moist  and moderately viscous.
Mucusin,Mucin.
Mud,Earth and water mixed so as to be soft and adhesive.
Muddled,of Muddle
Muddling,of Muddle
Muddle,To make turbid  or muddy as water.
Muddlehead,A stupid person.
Muddler,One who  or that which muddles.
Muddied,of Muddy
Muddying,of Muddy
Muddy-headed,Dull; stupid.
Muddy-mettled,Dull-spirited.
Mudfish,The European loach.
Mudhole,A hole  or hollow place containing mud as in a road.
Mudir,Same as Moodir.
Mudsucker,A woodcock.
Mudwall,The European bee-eater. See Bee-eater.
Mue,To mew; to molt.
Muezzin,A Mohammedan crier of the hour of prayer.
Muffed,of Muff
Muffing,of Muff
Muffetee,A small muff worn over the wrist.
Muffin,A light  spongy cylindrical cake used for breakfast and tea.
Muffineer,A dish for keeping muffins hot.
Muffish,Stupid; awkward.
Muffled,of Muffle
Muffling,of Muffle
Muflon,See Mouflon.
Muftis,of Mufti
Mufti,An official expounder of Mohammedan law.
Muggard,Sullen; displeased.
Mugget,The small entrails of a calf or a hog.
Mugginess,The condition or quality of being muggy.
Muggish,See Muggy.
Muggy,Moist; damp; moldy; as  muggy straw.
Mughouse,An alehouse; a pothouse.
Mugiency,A bellowing.
Mugient,Lowing; bellowing.
Mugil,A genus of fishes including the gray mullets. See Mullet.
Mugiloid,Like or pertaining to the genus Mugil  or family Mugilidae.
Mugwumpery,Alt. of Mugwumpism
Mugwumpism,The acts and views of the mugwumps.
Muhammadan,Alt. of Muhammedan
Muhammedan,Mohammedan.
Muhammadanism,Mohammedanism.
Mulada,A moor.
Mulattoes,of Mulatto
Mulattress,A female mulatto.
Mulberries,of Mulberry
Mulched,of Mulch
Mulching,of Mulch
Mulct,A fine or penalty  esp. a pecuniary punishment or penalty.
Mulcted,of Mulct
Mulcting,of Mulct
Mulctary,Alt. of Mulctuary
Mulctuary,Imposing a pecuniary penalty; consisting of  or paid as a fine.
Mule-jenny,See Mule  4.
Muleteer,One who drives mules.
Mulewort,A fern of the genus Hemionitis.
Mulier,A woman.
Mulierose,Fond of woman.
Mulierosity,A fondness for women.
Mulish,Like a mule; sullen; stubborn.
Mull,A thin  soft kind of muslin.
Mulled,of Mull
Mulling,of Mull
Mulla,Same as Mollah.
Mullagatawny,An East Indian curry soup.
Mullah,See Mollah.
Mullen,See Mullein.
Muller,One who  or that which mulls.
Mullerian,Of  pertaining to or discovered by Johannes Muller.
Mulley,Alt. of Moolley
Mulligatawny,See Mullagatawny.
Mulligrubs,A griping of the intestines; colic.
Mullingong,See Duck mole  under Duck.
Mullock,Rubbish; refuse; dirt.
Mulmul,A fine  soft muslin; mull.
Mulse,Wine boiled and mingled with honey.
Mult-,See Multi-.
Multangular,Having many angles.
Multanimous,Many-minded; many-sided.
Multarticulate,Having many articulations or joints.
Multeity,Multiplicity.
Multi-,Alt. of Mult-
Multicapsular,Having many  or several capsules.
Multicarinate,Many-keeled.
Multicavous,Having many cavities.
Multicellular,Consisting of  or having many cells or more than one cell.
Multicentral,Having many  or several centers; as a multicentral cell.
Multicipital,Having many heads or many stems from one crown or root.
Multicolor,Having many  or several colors.
Multicuspid,Multicuspidate; -- said of teeth.
Multicuspidate,Having many cusps or points.
Multidentate,Having many teeth  or toothlike processes.
Multidigitate,Having many fingers  or fingerlike processes.
Multifaced,Having many faces.
Multifariousness,Multiplied diversity.
Multiferous,Bearing or producing much or many.
Multiflorous,Having many flowers.
Multiflue,Having many flues; as  a multiflue boiler. See Boiler.
Multifold,Many times doubled; manifold; numerous.
Multiform,Having many forms  shapes or appearances.
Multiformous,Multiform.
Multigenerous,Having many kinds.
Multigranulate,Having  or consisting of many grains.
Multijugate,Having many pairs of leaflets.
Multijugous,Consisting of many parts.
Multilateral,Having many sides; many-sided.
Multilineal,Having many lines.
Multilobar,Consisting of  or having many lobes.
Multiloquence,Quality of being multiloquent; use of many words; talkativeness.
Multiloquent,Alt. of Multiloquous
Multiloquous,Speaking much; very talkative; loquacious.
Multiloquy,Excess of words or talk.
Multinodate,Having many knots or nodes.
Multinodous,Same as Multinodate.
Multinomial,Same as Polynomial.
Multinominal,Alt. of Multinominous
Multinominous,Having many names or terms.
Multinuclear,Containing many nuclei; as  multinuclear cells.
Multinucleate,Alt. of Multinucleated
Multinucleated,Multinuclear.
Multiparous,Producing many  or more than one at a birth.
Multipartite,Divided into many parts; having several parts.
Multiped,An insect having many feet  as a myriapod.
Multiplex,Manifold; multiple.
Multipliable,Capable of being multiplied.
Multiplicable,Capable of being multiplied; multipliable.
Multiplicate,Consisting of many  or of more than one; multiple; multifold.
Multiplicatively,So as to multiply.
Multiplicator,The number by which another number is multiplied; a multiplier.
Multiplicious,Manifold.
Multiplier,One who  or that which multiplies or increases number.
Multiplied,of Multiply
Multiplying,of Multiply
Multipotent,Having manifold power  or power to do many things.
Multipresence,The state or power of being multipresent.
Multiradiate,Having many rays.
Multiramified,Divided into many branches.
Multiramose,Having many branches.
Multiscious,Having much or varied knowledge.
Multisiliquous,Having many pods or seed vessels.
Multisonous,Having many sounds  or sounding much.
Multistriate,Having many streaks.
Multisulcate,Having many furrows.
Multisyllable,A word of many syllables; a polysyllable.
Multititular,Having many titles.
Multitubular,Having many tubes; as  a multitubular boiler.
Multitudinary,Multitudinous.
Multivagant,Alt. of Multivagous
Multivagous,Wandering much.
Multivalent,Having a valence greater than one  as silicon.
Multivalve,Any mollusk which has a shell composed of more than two pieces.
Multivalvular,Having many valves.
Multiversant,Turning into many shapes; assuming many forms; protean.
Multivious,Having many ways or roads; by many ways.
Multocular,Having many eyes  or more than two.
Multungulate,Having many hoofs.
Multure,The toll for grinding grain.
Mum,Silent; not speaking.
Mumbled,of Mumble
Mumbling,of Mumble
Mumblenews,A talebearer.
Mumbler,One who mumbles.
Mumbo Jumbo,An object of superstitious homage and fear.
Mum-chance,A game of hazard played with cards in silence.
Mummed,of Mumm
Mumming,of Mumm
Mumm,To sport or make diversion in a mask or disguise; to mask.
Mummeries,of Mummery
Mummery,Masking; frolic in disguise; buffoonery.
Mummification,The act of making a mummy.
Mummifying,of Mummify
Mummify,To embalm and dry as a mummy; to make into  or like a mummy.
Mummies,of Mummy
Mummied,of Mummy
Mummying,of Mummy
Mummychog,See Mummichog.
Mumped,of Mump
Mumping,of Mump
Mumper,A beggar; a begging impostor.
Mumpish,Sullen  sulky.
Mumps,Sullenness; silent displeasure; the sulks.
Mun,The mouth.
Munched,of Munch
Munching,of Munch
Muncher,One who munches.
Mund,See Mun.
Mundanity,Worldliness.
Mundation,The act of cleansing.
Mundatory,Cleansing; having power to cleanse.
Mundificant,Serving to cleanse and heal.
Mundification,The act or operation of cleansing.
Mundificative,Cleansing.
Mundify,To cleanse.
Mundivagant,Wandering over the world.
Mundungus,A stinking tobacco.
Munnerary,Having the nature of a gift.
Munnerate,To remunerate.
Muneration,Remuneration.
Munga,See Bonnet monkey  under Bonnet.
Mungcorn,Same as Mangcorn.
Mungoose,Alt. of Mungoos
Mungoos,See Mongoose.
Mungrel,See Mongrel.
Municipalism,Municipal condition.
Municipalities,of Municipality
Municipally,In a municipal relation or condition.
Munific,Munificent; liberal.
Munificate,To enrich.
Munificence,Means of defense; fortification.
Munify,To prepare for defense; to fortify.
Muniment,The act of supporting or defending.
Munite,To fortify; to strengthen.
Munition,Fortification; stronghold.
Munity,Freedom; security; immunity.
Munjeet,See Indian madder  under Madder.
Munnion,See Mullion.
Muntin,Alt. of Munting
Munting,Same as Mullion; -- especially used in joiner's work.
Muntz metal,See under Metal.
Muraenoid,Alt. of Murenoid
Murenoid,Like or pertaining to the genus Muraena  or family Muraenidae.
Murdered,of Murder
Murdering,of Murder
Murderess,A woman who commits murder.
Murderment,Murder.
Mure,A wall.
Mured,of Mure
Murenger,One who had charge of the wall of a town  or its repairs.
Murices,of Murex
Muriated,Put in brine.
Muriatiferous,Producing muriatic substances or salt.
Muricate,Alt. of Muricated
Muricoid,Like  or pertaining to the genus Murex or family Muricidae.
Muriculate,Minutely muricate.
Muringer,See Murenger.
Murk,Dark; murky.
Murkily,Darkly; gloomily.
Murkiness,The state of being murky.
Murky,Dark; obscure; gloomy.
Murlins,A seaweed. See Baddrelocks.
Murmur,A low  confused and indistinct sound like that of running water.
Murmured,of Murmur
Murmuring,of Murmur
Murmuration,The act of murmuring; a murmur.
Murmurer,One who murmurs.
Murmurous,Attended with murmurs; exciting murmurs or complaint; murmuring.
Murphy,A potato.
Murr,A catarrh.
Murrain,An infectious and fatal disease among cattle.
Murrey,A dark red color.
Murrion,Infected with or killed by murrain.
Murry,See Muraena.
Murth,Plenty; abundance.
Murther,Murder  n. & v.
Murtherer,A murderer.
Mures,of Mus
Mus,A genus of small rodents  including the common mouse and rat.
Musae,of Musa
Musaceous,Of  pertaining to or resembling plants of the genus Musa.
Musal,Of or pertaining to the Muses  or to Poetry.
Musard,A dreamer; an absent-minded person.
Muscae,of Musca
Muscadel,See Muscatel  n.
Muscallonge,See Muskellunge.
Muscardin,The common European dormouse; -- so named from its odor.
Muscariform,Having the form of a brush.
Muscid,Any fly of the genus Musca  or family Muscidae.
Muscle,An organ which  by its contraction produces motion.
Muscled,Furnished with muscles; having muscles; as  things well muscled.
Muscling,Exhibition or representation of the muscles.
Muscogees,See Muskogees.
Muscoid,Mosslike; resembling moss.
Muscology,Bryology.
Muscosity,Mossiness.
Muscovy glass,Mica; muscovite. See Mica.
Muscularity,The state or quality of being muscular.
Muscularize,To make muscular.
Muscularly,In a muscular manner.
Musculation,The muscular system of an animal  or of any of its parts.
Musculature,Musculation.
Musculin,See Syntonin.
Musculosity,The quality or state of being musculous; muscularity.
Musculous,Muscular.
Mused,of Muse
Musing,of Muse
Museful,Meditative; thoughtfully silent.
Muser,One who muses.
Muset,A small hole or gap through which a wild animal passes; a muse.
Musette,A small bagpipe formerly in use  having a soft and sweet tone.
Mush,Meal (esp. Indian meal) boiled in water; hasty pudding; supawn.
Musicale,A social musical party.
Musically,In a musical manner.
Musicalness,The quality of being musical.
Musimon,See Mouflon.
Musingly,In a musing manner.
Musit,See Muset.
Muskadel,See Muscadel.
Muskat,See Muscat.
Musket,The male of the sparrow hawk.
Musketeer,A soldier armed with a musket.
Musketo,See Mosquito.
Musketoon,A short musket.
Musketry,Muskets  collectively.
Muskiness,The quality or state of being musky; the scent of musk.
Musky,Having an odor of musk  or somewhat the like.
Muslim,See Moslem.
Muslinet,A sort of coarse or light cotton cloth.
Musmon,See Mouflon.
Musomania,See Musicomania.
Musquash,See Muskrat.
Musquaw,The American black bear. See Bear.
Musquet,See Musket.
Musquito,See Mosquito.
Musrole,Alt. of Musrol
Musrol,The nose band of a horse's bridle.
Mussed,of Muss
Mussing,of Muss
Mussitation,A speaking in a low tone; mumbling.
Mussite,A variety of pyroxene  from the Mussa Alp in Piedmont; diopside.
Mussulmans,of Mussulman
Mussulman,A Mohammedan; a Moslem.
Mussulmanish,Mohammedan.
Mussulmanism,Mohammedanism.
Mussulmanly,In the manner of Moslems.
Mussy,Disarranged; rumpled.
Mustac,A small tufted monkey.
Mustaches,of Mustache
Mustachios,of Mustacho
Mustacho,A mustache.
Mustachoed,Having mustachios.
Mustee,See Mestee.
Muster,Something shown for imitation; a pattern.
Mustered,of Muster
Mustering,of Muster
Mustily,In a musty state.
Mustiness,The quality or state of being musty.
Mutableness,The quality of being mutable.
Mutably,Changeably.
Mutacism,See Mytacism.
Mutage,A process for checking the fermentation of the must of grapes.
Mutanda,of Mutandum
Mutation,Change; alteration  either in form or qualities.
Mutch,The close linen or muslin cap of an old woman.
Muchkin,A liquid measure equal to four gills  or an imperial pint.
Mute,To cast off; to molt.
Mute-hill,See Moot-hill.
Mutely,Without uttering words or sounds; in a mute manner; silently.
Muteness,The quality or state of being mute; speechlessness.
Mutic,Alt. of Muticous
Muticous,Without a point or pointed process; blunt.
Mutilate,Deprived of  or having lost an important part; mutilated.
Mutilated,of Mutilate
Mutilating,of Mutilate
Mutilator,One who mutilates.
Mutilous,Mutilated; defective; imperfect.
Mutine,A mutineer.
Mutineer,One guilty of mutiny.
Muting,Dung of birds.
Mutinies,of Mutiny
Mutinied,of Mutiny
Mutinying,of Mutiny
Mutism,The condition  state or habit of being mute or without speech.
Muttered,of Mutter
Muttering,of Mutter
Mutterer,One who mutters.
Mutton,A sheep.
Muttony,Like mutton; having a flavor of mutton.
Mutually,In a mutual manner.
Mutuation,The act of borrowing or exchanging.
Mux,Dirt; filth; muck.
Muxy,Soft; sticky  and dirty.
Muzarabic,Of or pertaining to Muzarabs; as  the Muzarabic liturgy.
Muzziness,The state or quality of being muzzy.
Muzzled,of Muzzle
Muzzling,of Muzzle
Muzzy,Absent-minded; dazed; muddled; stupid.
Myalgia,Pain in the muscles; muscular rheumatism or neuralgia.
Myceloid,Resembling mycelium.
Mycetoid,Resembling a fungus.
Mycologic,Alt. of Mycological
Mycological,Of or relating to mycology  or the fungi.
Mycologist,One who is versed in  or who studies mycology.
Mycoprotein,The protoplasmic matter of which bacteria are composed.
Mydaus,The teledu.
Mydriatic,Causing dilatation of the pupil.
Myelencephala,Same as Vertebrata.
Myelencephalic,Of or pertaining to the myelencephalon; cerebro-spinal.
Myelencephalous,Of or pertaining to the Myelencephala.
Myelitis,Inflammation of the spinal marrow or its membranes.
Myelocoele,The central canal of the spinal cord.
Myelogenic,Derived from  or pertaining to the bone marrow.
Myelon,The spinal cord. (Sometimes abbrev. to myel.)
Myeloneura,The Vertebrata.
Myeloplaxes,of Myeloplax
Myeloplaces,of Myeloplax
Mynchen,A nun.
Mynheer,The Dutch equivalent of Mr. or Sir; hence  a Dutchman.
Myo-,A combining form of Gr. /  / a muscle; as myograph myochrome.
Myocarditis,Inflammation of the myocardium.
Myocommata,of Myocomma
Myocommas,of Myocomma
Myocomma,A myotome.
Myodynamiometer,A myodynamometer.
Myogram,See Muscle curve  under Muscle.
Myographic,Alt. of Myographical
Myographical,Of or pertaining to myography.
Myoid,Composed of  or resembling muscular fiber.
Myolemma,Sarcolemma.
Myolin,The essential material of muscle fibers.
Myologic,Alt. of Myological
Myological,Of or pertaining to myology.
Myologist,One skilled in myology.
Myology,That part of anatomy which treats of muscles.
Myoma,A tumor consisting of muscular tissue.
Myomancy,Divination by the movements of mice.
Myomorph,One of the Myomorpha.
Myopathia,Any affection of the muscles or muscular system.
Myopathic,Of or pertaining to myopathia.
Myopathy,Same as Myopathia.
Myope,A person having myopy; a myops.
Myips,See Myope.
Myopy,Myopia.
Myosis,Long-continued contraction of the pupil of the eye.
Myositic,Myotic.
Myositis,Inflammation of the muscles.
Myosotis,A genus of plants. See Mouse-ear.
Myotomic,Of or pertaining to a myotome or myotomes.
Myriacanthous,Having numerous spines  as certain fishes.
Myriad,The number of ten thousand; ten thousand persons or things.
Myriagram,Alt. of Myriagramme
Myrialiter,Alt. of Myrialitre
Myriameter,Alt. of Myriametre
Myriapod,One of the Myriapoda.
Myriarch,A captain or commander of ten thousand men.
Myriological,Of or relating to a myriologue.
Myriologist,One who composes or sings a myriologue.
Myriophyllous,Having an indefinitely great or countless number of leaves.
Myriopoda,See Myriapoda.
Myrioscope,A form of kaleidoscope.
Myristate,A salt of myristic acid.
Myrmidonian,Consisting of  or like myrmidons.
Myrmotherine,Feeding upon ants; -- said of certain birds.
Myrobalan,Alt. of Myrobolan
Myropolist,One who sells unguents or perfumery.
Myrosin,A ferment  resembling diastase found in mustard seeds.
Myrrhic,Of  pertaining to or obtained from myrrh.
Myrrhine,Murrhine.
Ourselves,of Myself
Myselven,Myself.
Mystacal,Of or pertaining to the upper lip  or mustache.
Mystagogic,Alt. of Mystagogical
Mystagogue,interprets mysteries  especially of a religious kind.
Mysterial,Mysterious.
Mysteriarch,One presiding over mysteries.
Mysteriously,In a mysterious manner.
Mysteriousness,The state or quality of being mysterious.
Mysterized,of Mysterize
Mysterizing,of Mysterize
Mysterize,To make mysterious; to make a mystery of.
Mysteries,of Mystery
Mystic,Alt. of Mystical
Mysticete,Any right whale  or whalebone whale. See Cetacea.
Mysticism,Obscurity of doctrine.
Mystificator,One who mystifies.
Mystified,of Mystify
Mystifying,of Mystify
Mythe,See Myth.
Mythic,Alt. of Mythical
Mythographer,A composer of fables.
Mythologer,A mythologist.
Mythologian,A mythologist.
Mythologic,Alt. of Mythological
Mythological,Of or pertaining to mythology or to myths; mythical; fabulous.
Mythologist,One versed in  or who writes on mythology or myths.
Mythologizer,One who  or that which mythologizes.
Mythologue,A fabulous narrative; a myth.
Mythologies,of Mythology
Mythology,The science which treats of myths; a treatise on myths.
Mythoplasm,A narration of mere fable.
Mythopoeic,Making or producing myths; giving rise to mythical narratives.
Mythopoetic,Making or producing myths or mythical tales.
Mytiloid,Like  or pertaining to the genus Mytilus or family Mytilidae.
Myxa,The distal end of the mandibles of a bird.
Myxine,A genus of marsipobranchs  including the hagfish. See Hag 4.
Myxinoid,Like  or pertaining to the genus Myxine.
Myxocystodea,A division of Infusoria including the Noctiluca. See Noctiluca.
Myxomata,of Myxoma
Myzontes,The Marsipobranchiata.
Na,No  not. See No.
Nab,The summit of an eminence.
Nabbed,of Nab
Nabbing,of Nab
Nabit,Pulverized sugar candy.
Nacarat,A pale red color  with a cast of orange.
Nacker,See Nacre.
Nacreous,Consisting of  or resembling nacre; pearly.
Nad,Alt. of Nadde
Nadde,Had not.
Nadder,An adder.
Naenia,See Nenia.
Naeve,A naevus.
Naevoid,Resembling a naevus or naevi; as  naevoid elephantiasis.
Naevose,Spotted; frecled.
Naevi,of Navus
Nag,A small horse; a pony; hence  any horse.
Nagged,of Nag
Nagging,of Nag
Naggy,Irritable; touchy.
Nagor,A West African gazelle (Gazella redunca).
Naiant,See Natant.
Naik,A chief; a leader; a Sepoy corporal.
Nailed,of Nail
Nailing,of Nail
Nailbrush,A brush for cleaning the nails.
Nailer,One whose occupation is to make nails; a nail maker.
Naileress,A women who makes nailes.
Naileries,of Nailery
Nailery,A manufactory where nails are made.
Nailless,Without nails; having no nails.
Nais,See Naiad.
Naissant,Same as Jessant.
Naively,In a naive manner.
Naivety,Naivete.
Nake,To make naked.
Nakedness,The condition of being naked.
Naker,Same as Nacre.
Nakoo,The gavial.
Nale,Ale; also  an alehouse.
Nall,An awl.
Nam,Am not.
Namable,Capable of being named.
Namation,A distraining or levying of a distress; an impounding.
Named,of Name
Naming,of Name
Namelessly,In a nameless manner.
Namer,One who names  or calls by name.
Namo,No more.
Nan,Anan.
Nandou,Alt. of Nandu
Nanny,A diminutive of Ann or Anne  the proper name.
Nannyberry,See Sheepberry.
Nanpie,The magpie.
Napped,of Nap
Napping,of Nap
Nap,To have a short sleep; to be drowsy; to doze.
Nape,The back part of the neck.
Naperies,of Napery
Napery,Table linen; also  linen clothing or linen in general.
Napha water,A perfume distilled from orange flowers.
Naphew,See Navew.
Naphthalate,A salt of naphthalic acid; a phthalate.
Naphthalidine,Same as Naphthylamine.
Naphthalin,Alt. of Naphthaline
Naphthaline,See Naphthalene.
Naphthalize,To mingle  saturate or impregnate with naphtha.
Napierian,Alt. of Naperian
Naperian,Of  pertaining to or discovered by Napier or Naper.
Napier's bones,Alt. of Napier's rods
Napless,Without nap; threadbare.
Naples yellow,See under Yellow.
Napoleon,A French gold coin of twenty francs  or about $3.86.
Napoleonist,A supporter of the dynasty of the Napoleons.
Nappiness,The quality of having a nap; abundance of nap  as on cloth.
Nappy,Inclined to sleep; sleepy; as  to feel nappy.
Nappies,of Nappy
Nap-taking,A taking by surprise; an unexpected onset or attack.
Napus,A kind of turnip. See Navew.
Narcissine,Of or pertaining to Narcissus.
Narcissuses,of Narcissus
Narcosis,Privation of sense or consciousness  due to a narcotic.
Narcotic,Having the properties of a narcotic; operating as a narcotic.
Narcotical,Narcotic.
Narcotinic,Pertaining to narcotine.
Narcotism,Narcosis; the state of being narcotized.
Narcotized,of Narcotize
Narcotizing,of Narcotize
Nardine,Of or pertaining to nard; having the qualities of nard.
Nare,A nostril.
Nargile,Alt. of Nargileh
Narica,The brown coati. See Coati.
Nariform,Formed like the nose.
Narine,Of or belonging to the nostrils.
Narrable,Capable of being narrated or told.
Narrated,of Narrate
Narrating,of Narrate
Narratively,In the style of narration.
Narratory,Giving an account of events; narrative; as  narratory letters.
Narre,Nearer.
Narrows,of Narrow
Narrowed,of Narrow
Narrowing,of Narrow
Narrower,One who  or that which narrows or contracts.
Narrowly,With little breadth; in a narrow manner.
Narrow-minded,Of narrow mental scope; illiberal; mean.
Narrowness,The condition or quality of being narrow.
Nart,Art not.
Narwal,See Narwhal.
Narwe,Narrow.
Nas,Was not.
Nasal,Of or pertaining to the nose.
Nasality,The quality or state of being nasal.
Nasalization,The act of nasalizing  or the state of being nasalized.
Nasalized,of Nasalize
Nasalizing,of Nasalize
Nasalize,To render nasal  as sound; to insert a nasal or sound in.
Nasally,In a nasal manner; by the nose.
Nascal,A kind of pessary of medicated wool or cotton  formerly used.
Nascency,State of being nascent; birth; beginning; origin.
Naseberry,A tropical fruit. See Sapodilla.
Nash,Firm; stiff; hard; also  chilly.
Nasicornous,Bearing a horn  or horns on the nose as the rhinoceros.
Nasiform,Having the shape of a nose.
Nasion,The middle point of the nasofrontal suture.
Nasopalatal,Alt. of Nasopalatine
Nasoseptal,Of or pertaining to the internasal septum.
Nassas,of Nassa
NassAe,of Nassa
Nastily,In a nasty manner.
Nasturtion,Same as Nasturtium.
Nasute,Having a nice sense of smell.
Nasutness,Quickness of scent; hence  nice discernment; acuteness.
Nat,Not.
Natalitial,Alt. of Natalitious
Natalitious,Of or pertaining to one's birth or birthday  or one's nativity.
Natals,One's birth  or the circumstances attending it.
Natantly,In a floating manner; swimmingly.
Natation,The act of floating on the water; swimming.
Natatores,The swimming birds.
Natatorial,Inclined or adapted to swim; swimming; as  natatorial birds.
Natatorious,Adapted for swimming; -- said of the legs of certain insects.
Natatorium,A swimming bath.
Natatory,Adapted for swimming or floating; as  natatory organs.
Natch,The rump of beef; esp.  the lower and back part of the rump.
Nates,The buttocks.
Nath,hath not.
Nathless,Nevertheless.
Nathmore,Not the more; never the more.
Naticas,of Natica
NaticAe,of Natica
Naticoid,Like or belonging to Natica  or the family Naticidae.
Nationalism,The state of being national; national attachment; nationality.
Nationalities,of Nationality
Nationalization,The act of nationalizing  or the state of being nationalized.
Nationalized,of Nationalize
Nationalizing,of Nationalize
Nationally,In a national manner or way; as a nation.
Nationalness,The quality or state of being national; nationality.
Native,Arising by birth; having an origin; born.
Natively,By natural or original condition; naturally; originally.
Nativeness,The quality or state of being native.
Nativist,An advocate of nativism.
Nativistic,Relating to nativism.
Nativies,of Nativity
Natka,A species of shrike.
Natrium,The technical name for sodium.
Natron,Native sodium carbonate.
Natter,To find fault; to be peevish.
Natty,Neat; tidy; spruce.
Naturalism,A state of nature; conformity to nature.
Naturalistic,Belonging to the doctrines of naturalism.
Naturality,Nature; naturalness.
Naturalized,of Naturalize
Naturalizing,of Naturalize
Naturalize,To make natural; as  custom naturalizes labor or study.
Naturalness,The state or quality of being natural; conformity to nature.
Natureless,Not in accordance with nature; unnatural.
Naturist,One who believes in  or conforms to the theory of naturism.
Naturity,The quality or state of being produced by nature.
Naturize,To endow with a nature or qualities; to refer to nature.
Naufrage,Shipwreck; ruin.
Naufragous,causing shipwreck.
Naught,Nothing.
Naughtily,In a naughty manner; wickedly; perversely.
Naughtly,Naughtily; wrongly.
Naughty,Having little or nothing.
Naumachy,A naval battle; esp.  a mock sea fight.
Nauplii,of Nauplius
Nauseant,A substance which produces nausea.
Nauseated,of Nauseate
Nauseating,of Nauseate
Nauseate,To become squeamish; to feel nausea; to turn away with disgust.
Nauseation,The act of nauseating  or the state of being nauseated.
Nauseative,Causing nausea; nauseous.
Nautic,Nautical.
Nautically,In a nautical manner; with reference to nautical affairs.
Nautiform,Shaped like the hull of a ship.
Nautilite,A fossil nautilus.
Nautiluses,of Nautilus
Nautili,of Nautilus
Navals,Naval affairs.
Navarch,The commander of a fleet.
Navarchy,Nautical skill or experience.
Navarrese,Of or pertaining to Navarre.
Navel-string,The umbilical cord.
Navicular,Of  pertaining to or resembling a boat or ship.
Navigability,The quality or condition of being navigable; navigableness.
Navigated,of Navigate
Navigating,of Navigate
Navigerous,Bearing ships; capable of floating vessels.
Navies,of Navvy
Nawl,An awl.
Nays,of Nay
Nayt,To refuse; to deny.
Nayward,The negative side.
Nayword,A byword; a proverb; also  a watchword.
Nazariteship,The state of a Nazarite.
Nazaritic,Of or pertaining to a Nazarite  or to Nazarites.
Nazaritism,The vow and practice of a Nazarite.
Naze,A promotory or headland.
Nazirite,A Nazarite.
Ne,Not; never.
Neaf,See 2d Neif.
Neal,To anneal.
Neapolitan,Of of pertaining to Naples in Italy.
Neared,of Near
Nearing,of Near
Nearhand,Near; near at hand; closely.
Nearly,In a near manner; not remotely; closely; intimately; almost.
Nearsighted,Seeing distinctly at short distances only; shortsighted.
Nearsightedness,See Myopic  and Myopia.
'Neath,An abbreviation of Beneath.
Neatherd,A person who has the care of neat cattle; a cowherd.
Neathouse,A building for the shelter of neat cattle.
Neatify,To make neat.
Neatly,In a neat manner; tidily; tastefully.
neatness,The state or quality of being neat.
Neatress,A woman who takes care of cattle.
Neb-neb,Same as Bablh.
Nebulae,of Nebula
Nebulated,Clouded with indistinct color markings  as an animal.
Nebule,A little cloud; a cloud.
Nebulization,The act or process of nebulizing; atomization.
Nebulize,To reduce (as a liquid) to a fine spray or vapor; to atomize.
Nebulizer,An atomizer.
Nebulose,Nebulous; cloudy.
Nebulous,Cloudy; hazy; misty.
Necessarianism,The doctrine of philosophical necessity; necessitarianism.
Necessarily,In a necessary manner; by necessity; unavoidably; indispensably.
Necessariness,The quality of being necessary.
Necessaries,of Necessary
Necessitated,of Necessitate
Necessitating,of Necessitate
Necessitate,To make necessary or indispensable; to render unaviolable.
Necessitied,In a state of want; necessitous.
Necessitous,Very needy or indigent; pressed with poverty.
Necessitude,Necessitousness; want.
Necessities,of Necessity
Necked,of Neck
Necking,of Neck
Neckar nut,See Nicker nut.
Neckcloth,A piece of any fabric worn around the neck.
Neckerchief,A kerchief for the neck; -- called also neck handkerchief.
necklaced,Wearing a necklace; marked as with a necklace.
neckland,A neck of land.
necklet,A necklace.
Neckmold,Alt. of Neckmould
Neckplate,See Gorget  1 and 2.
Neckwear,A collective term for cravats  collars etc.
Necrolatry,The worship of the dead; manes worship.
Necrolite,Same as Necronite.
Necrologic,Alt. of Necrological
Necrologist,One who gives an account of deaths.
Necrologies,of Necrology
Necromancer,One who practices necromancy; a sorcerer; a wizard.
Necromantic,Conjuration.
Necromantical,Of or pertaining to necromancy; performed by necromancy.
Necrophagan,Eating carrion.
Necrophobia,An exaggerated fear of death or horror of dead bodies.
Necropolises,of Necropolis
Necroscopic,Alt. of Necroscopical
Necroscopical,Or or relating to post-mortem examinations.
Necrose,To affect with necrosis; to unergo necrosis.
Necrosed,Affected by necrosis; dead; as  a necrosed bone.
Nectareal,Nectareous.
Nectarean,Resembling nectar; very sweet and pleasant.
Nectared,Imbued with nectar; mingled with nectar; abounding with nectar.
Nectarial,Of or pertaining to the nectary of a plant.
Nectaried,Having a nectary.
Nectariferous,Secreting nectar; -- said of blossoms or their parts.
Nectarine,Nectareous.
Nectarized,of Nectarize
Nectarizing,of Nectarize
Nectarize,To mingle or infuse with nectar; to sweeten.
Nectarous,Nectareous.
Nectaries,of Nectary
Nectocalyces,of Nectocalyx
Nectocalyx,The swimming bell or umbrella of a jellyfish of medusa.
Nectosac,Alt. of Nectosack
Nectosack,The cavity of a nectocalyx.
Nedder,An adder.
Neddies,of Neddy
Neddy,A pet name for a donkey.
Needed,of Need
Needing,of Need
Needer,One who needs anything.
Needful,Full of need; in need or want; needy; distressing.
Needily,In a needy condition or manner; necessarily.
Neediness,The state or quality of being needy; want; poverty; indigence.
Needlecase,A case to keep needles.
needlefuls,of needleful
needleful,As much thread as is used in a needle at one time.
Needle-pointed,Pointed as needles.
Needler,One who makes or uses needles; also  a dealer in needles.
Needless,Having no need.
Needlestone,Natrolite; -- called also needle zeolite.
Needlewomen,of Needlewoman
Needlewoman,A woman who does needlework; a seamstress.
Needly,Like a needle or needles; as  a needly horn; a needly beard.
Needment,Something needed or wanted.
Needscost,Of necessity.
Needsly,Of necessity.
Neeld,Alt. of Neele
Neele,A needle.
Neelghau,See Nylghau.
Neer,Nearer.
Ne'er,a contraction of Never.
Neesed,of Neese
Neesing,of Neese
Neese,To sneeze.
Nef,The nave of a church.
Nefand,Alt. of Nefandous
Nefandous,Unfit to speak of; unmentionable; impious; execrable.
Nefast,Wicked.
Negatived,of Negative
Negativing,of Negative
Negatively,In a negative manner; with or by denial.
Negativeness,Alt. of Negativity
Negativity,The quality or state of being negative.
Negatory,Expressing denial; belonging to negation; negative.
Neginoth,Stringed instruments.
Neglected,of Neglect
Neglecting,of Neglect
Neglectedness,The state of being neglected.
Neglecter,One who neglects.
Neglectingly,Carelessly; heedlessly.
Neglection,The state of being negligent; negligence.
Neglective,Neglectful.
Negligently,In a negligent manner.
Negligible,That may neglicted  disregarded or left out of consideration.
Negoce,Business; occupation.
Negotiability,The quality of being negotiable or transferable by indorsement.
Negotiant,A negotiator.
Negotiate,To transact business; to carry on trade.
Negotiated,of Negotiate
Negotiating,of Negotiate
Negotiatory,Of or pertaining to negotiation.
Negotiatrix,A woman who negotiates.
Negotiosity,The state of being busy; multitude of business.
Negotious,Very busy; attentive to business; active.
Negotiousness,The state of being busily occupied; activity.
Negresses,of Negress
Negress,A black woman; a female negro.
Negritic,Of or pertaining to negroes; composed of negroes.
Negroes,of Negro
Negroid,Characteristic of the negro.
Negroloid,See Negroid.
Neif,Alt. of Neife
Neife,A woman born in the state of villeinage; a female serf.
Neighed,of Neigh
Neighing,of Neigh
Neigh,To utter the cry of the horse; to whinny.
Neighbor,A person who lives near another; one whose abode is not far off.
Neighbored,of neighbor
Neighboring,of neighbor
neighbor,To adjoin; to border on; tobe near to.
Neighborliness,The quality or state of being neighborly.
Neighborship,The state of being neighbors.
Neither,Not either; not the one or the other.
Nemaline,Having the form of threads; fibrous.
Nemalite,A fibrous variety of brucite.
Nematelmia,Same as Nemathelminthes.
Nemathecia,of Nemathecium
Nemthelminthes,Alt. of Nematelminthes
Nemato-,A combining form from Gr. nh^ma  nh`matos a thread.
Nematoblast,A spermatocyte or spermoblast.
Nematocalyces,of Nematocalyx
Nematocyst,A lasso cell  or thread cell. See Lasso cell under Lasso.
Nematode,Same as Nematoid.
Nematognath,one of the Nematognathi.
Nematoid,Of or pertaining to the Nematoidea.
Nematoidean,Nematoid.
Nematophora,Same as Coelenterata.
Nemetean,Of or pertaining to the Nemertina.
Nemertes,A genus of nemertina.
Nemertian,Nemertean.
Nemertid,Nemertean.
Nemertida,Nemertina.
Nemophily,Fondness for forest scenery; love of the woods.
Nemoral,Of or pertaining to a wood or grove.
Nemorous,Woody.
Nempne,To name or call.
Nempt,Called; named.
Nems,The ichneumon.
Nenia,A funeral song; an elegy.
Nenuphar,The great white water lily of Europe; the Nymphaea alba.
Neo-Christianity,Rationalism.
Neogaean,Of or pertaining to the New World  or Western Hemisphere.
Neogamist,A person recently married.
Neography,A new method or system of writing.
Neologian,Neologic; neological.
Neologianism,Neologism.
Neologic,Alt. of Neological
Neologically,In a neological manner.
Neologistic,Alt. of Neologistical
Neologistical,Of or pertaining to neology; neological.
Neologization,The act or process of neologizing.
Neologize,To introduce or use new words or terms or new uses of old words.
Neonism,Neologism.
Neonomianism,The doctrines or belief of the neonomians.
Neoplasia,Growth or development of new material; neoplasty.
Neoplasm,A new formation or tissue  the product of morbid action.
Neoplastic,Of or pertaining to neoplasty  or neoplasia.
Neoplatonician,A neoplatonist.
Neorama,A panorama of the interior of a building  seen from within.
Neossine,The substance constituting the edible bird's nest.
Neossology,The study of young birds.
Neoteric,Alt. of Neoterical
Neoterical,Recent in origin; modern; new.
Neoterically,Recently; newly.
Neoterism,An innovation or novelty; a neoteric word or phrase.
Neoterist,One ho introduces new word/ or phrases.
Neoterized,of Neoterize
Neoterize,To innovate; to coin or introduce new words.
Nep,Catnip.
Nepaulese,Of or pertaining to Nepaul  a kingdom in Northern Hindostan.
Nepenthes,Same as Nepenthe.
Nepeta,A genus of labiate plants  including the catnip and ground ivy.
Nephalism,Total abstinence from spirituous liquor.
Nephalist,One who advocates or practices nephalism.
Nepheline,Alt. of Nephelite
Nephew,A grandson or grandchild  or remoter lineal descendant.
Nephilim,Giants.
Nephoscope,An instrument for observing the clouds and their velocity.
Nephralgia,Alt. of Nephralgy
Nephridial,Of or pertaining to a nephridium.
Nephridia,of Nephridium
Nephritic,Alt. of Nephritical
Nephritis,An inflammation of the kidneys.
nephrolithic,Of or pertaining to gravel  or renal calculi.
Nephrostome,The funnelshaped opening of a nephridium into the body cavity.
Nephrotomy,Extraction of stone from the kidney by cutting.
Nepotal,Of or relating to a nephew.
Nepotic,Of or pertaining to npotism.
Nepotist,One who practices nepotism.
Neptunian,Of or pertaining to the ocean or sea.
Neptunist,One who adopts the neptunian theory.
Ner,nearer.
Nere,Were not.
Nereids,of Nereid
Nereides,of Nereid
Nereis,A Nereid. See Nereid.
Nereites,Fossil tracks of annelids.
Nereocystis,A genus of gigantic seaweeds.
Nerfling,The id.
Nerita,A genus of marine gastropods  mostly natives of warm climates.
Nerite,Any mollusk of the genus Nerita.
Nerre,Nearer.
Nervate,Nerved.
Nerved,of Nerve
Nerving,of Nerve
Nerveless,Destitute of nerves.
Nervelessness,The state of being nerveless.
Nervimotor,Any agent capable of causing nervimotion.
Nervose,Same as Nerved.
Nervosity,Nervousness.
Nervous,possessing nerve; sinewy; strong; vigorous.
Nervously,In a nervous manner.
Nervousness,State or quality of being nervous.
Nervure,One of the nerves of leaves.
Nervy,Strong; sinewy.
Nescience,Want of knowledge; ignorance; agnosticism.
Nese,Nose.
Nesh,Soft; tender; delicate.
Ness,A promontory; a cape; a headland.
Nestfuls,of Nestful
Nestful,As much or many as will fill a nest.
Nestled,of Nestle
Nestling,of Nestle
Nestle,To make and occupy a nest; to nest.
Nestorianism,The doctrines of the nestorian Christians  or of Nestorius.
Netted,of Net
Netting,of Net
Netfish,An astrophyton.
Neithermore,Lower  nether.
Nethermost,Lowest; as  the nethermost abyss.
Netify,To render neat; to clean; to put in order.
Nettled,of Nettle
Nettling,of Nettle
Nettlebird,the European whitethroat.
Nettler,One who nettles.
Netty,Like a net  or network; netted.
Neurad,Toward the neural side; -- opposed to haemad.
Neuralgy,Neuralgia.
Neurapophysial,Of or pertaining to a neurapophysis.
Neurapophyses,of Neurapophysis
Neuraxis,See Axis cylinder  under Axis.
Neurism,Nerve force. See Vital force  under Vital.
Neuritis,Inflammation of a nerve.
Neurochord,Alt. of Neurochordal
Neurochordal,See Neurocord.
Neurocity,Nerve force.
Neurography,A description of the nerves.
Neurological,Of or pertaining to neurolgy.
Neurology,The branch of science which treats of the nervous system.
Neuromere,A metameric segment of the cerebro-spinal nervous system.
Neuromuscular,Nervomuscular.
Neura,of Neuron
Neuropathy,An affection of the nervous system or of a nerve.
Neuropod,A neuropodous animal.
Neuropodium,The ventral lobe or branch of a parapodium.
Neuropore,An opening at either end of the embryonic neural canal.
Neuropter,One of the Neuroptera.
Neropteral,Of or pertaining to the Neuroptera.
Neuropteran,A neuropter.
Neuropterous,Neuropteral.
Neurosensiferous,Pertaining to  or forming both nerves and sense organs.
Neuroskeletal,Of or pertaining to the neuroskeleton.
Neurospast,A puppet.
Neurotome,An instrument for cutting or dissecting nerves.
Neurotomical,Of or pertaining to neurotomy.
Neurotomist,One who skilled in or practices neurotomy.
Neurotomy,The dissection  or anatomy of the nervous system.
Neutralist,A neutral; one who professes or practices neutrality.
Neutralized,of Neutralize
Neutralizing,of Neutralize
Neutralize,To render neutral; to reduce to a state of neutrality.
Neuvaines,Prayers offered up for nine successive days.
Nevadite,A grantitoid variety of rhyolite  common in Nevada.
Neven,To name; to mention; to utter.
Nevermore,Never again; at no time hereafter.
Neverthelater,Nevertheless.
Nevertheless,Not the less; notwithstanding; in spite of that; yet.
Nevew,Nephew.
Newborn,Recently born.
Newcome,Recently come.
Newcomer,One who has lately come.
Newel,A novelty; a new thing.
Newfangle,Eager for novelties; desirous of changing.
Newfangled,Newmade; formed with the affectation of novelty.
Newfangleness,Newfangledness.
Newfanglist,One who is eager for novelties or desirous of change.
Newfangly,In a newfangled manner; with eagerness for novelty.
Newfashioned,Made in a new form  or lately come into fashion.
Newing,Yeast; barm.
Newish,Somewhat new; nearly new.
Newly,Lately; recently.
Newmarket,A long  closely fitting cloak.
New-model,To remodel.
News-book,A newspaper.
newsboy,A boy who distributes or sells newspaper.
Newsmen,of Newsman
Newsman,One who brings news.
News-vnder,A seller of newspapers.
News-writer,One who gathered news for  and wrote news-letters.
Newsy,Full of news; abounding in information as to current events.
Newtonian,Of or pertaining to Sir Isaac Newton  or his discoveries.
New Zealand,A group of islands in the South Pacific Ocean.
Nexible,That may be knit together.
Next,Nearest in place; having no similar object intervening.
Nexus,Connection; tie.
Nez Perces,A tribe of Indians  mostly inhabiting Idaho.
Ngina,The gorilla.
Nias,A young hawk; an eyas; hence  an unsophisticated person.
Nib,A small and pointed thing or part; a point; a prong.
Nebbed,of Nib
Nibbing,of Nib
Nibbed,Having a nib or point.
Nibbled,of Nibble
Nibbling,of Nibble
Nibbler,One who  or that which nibbles.
Nibblingly,In a nibbling manner; cautiously.
Nicagua,The laughing falcon. See under laughing.
Nicaragua wood,Brazil wood.
Nice,Foolish; silly; simple; ignorant; also  weak; effeminate.
Nicely,In a nice manner.
Niceness,Quality or state of being nice.
Nicery,Nicety.
Niceties,of Nicety
Niched,Placed in a niche.
Nick,An evil spirit of the waters.
Nicked,of Nick
Nicking,of Nick
Nickar nut,Alt. of Nickar tree
Nickar tree,Same as Nicker nut  Nicker tree.
Nickeliferous,Containing nickel; as  nickelferous iron.
Nickeline,An alloy of nickel  a variety of German silver.
Nicker tree,The plant producing nicker nuts.
Nicknack,See Knickknack.
Nicknackery,See Knickknackery.
Nicknamed,of Nickname
Nicknaming,of Nickname
Nicotian,Tobacco.
Nicotic,Nicotinic.
Nictate,To wink; to nictitate.
Nictation,the act of winking; nictitation.
Nictitate,To wink; to nictate.
Nictitation,The act of winking.
Nidary,A collection of nests.
Nide,A nestful; a brood; as  a nide of pheasants.
Nidering,Infamous; dastardly.
Nidgery,A trifle; a piece of foolery.
Nidget,A fool; an idiot  a coward.
Nidificated,of Nidificate
Nidificating,of Nidificate
Nidificate,To make a nest.
Nidification,The act or process of building a nest.
Niding,A coward; a dastard; -- a term of utmost opprobrium.
Nidor,Scent or savor of meat or food  cooked or cooking.
Nidorose,Nidorous.
Nidulant,Nestling  as a bird in itss nest.
Nidulated,of Nidulate
Nidulating,of Nidulate
Nidulate,To make a nest  as a bird.
Nidulation,The time of remaining in the nest.
Nidulite,A Silurian fossil  formerly supposed to consist of eggs.
nidi,of Nidus
Nief,See Neif  the fist.
Niellist,One who practices the style of ornamentation called niello.
Niello,A metallic alloy of a deep black color.
Nifle,A trifle.
Niggardise,Niggardliness.
Niggardish,Somewhat niggard.
Niggardness,Niggardliness.
Niggardous,Niggardly.
Niggardship,Niggardliness.
Niggardy,Niggardliness.
nigged,Hammer-dressed; -- said of building stone.
Nigger,A negro; -- in vulgar derision or depreciation.
Niggish,Niggardly.
Niggled,of Niggle
Niggling,of Niggle
Niggle,To trifle with; to deceive; to mock.
Niggler,One who niggles.
Nigh,Not distant or remote in place or time; near.
Nighness,The quality or state of being nigh.
Night-blooming,Blooming in the night.
Nightcap,A cap worn in bed to protect the head  or in undress.
Nightdress,A nightgown.
Nighted,Darkness; clouded.
Nightertale,period of night; nighttime.
Night-eyed,Capable of seeing at night; sharp-eyed.
Nightfall,The close of the day.
Night-faring,Going or traveling in the night.
Nightish,Of or pertaining to night.
Nightless,Having no night.
Nightlong,Lasting all night.
Nightmen,of Nightman
Nightman,One whose business is emptying privies by night.
Nightmare,A fiend or incubus formerly supposed to cause trouble in sleep.
Nightshirt,A kind of nightgown for men.
Nighttime,The time from dusk to dawn; -- opposed to daytime.
Nightward,Approaching toward night.
Nigrification,The act or process of making black.
Nigrine,A ferruginous variety of rutile.
Nigritude,Blackness; the state of being black.
Nigromancie,Necromancy.
Nigromancien,A necromancer.
Nigua,The chigoe.
Nihil,Nothing.
Nihilism,Nothingness; nihility.
Nihilistic,Of  pertaining to or characterized by nihilism.
Nihility,Nothingness; a state of being nothing.
Nil,Will not.
Nile,The great river of Egypt.
Nilgau,see Nylghau.
Nilled,of Nill
Nilling,of Nill
Nill,Not to will; to refuse; to reject.
Niloscope,A Nilometer.
Nilotic,Of or pertaining to the river Nile; as  the Nilotic crocodile.
Nilt,Wilt not.
Nimmed,of Nim
Nomen,of Nim
Nome,of Nim
Nim,To take; to steal; to filch.
Nimbiferous,Serving to bring clouds or stormy weather.
Nimbless,Nimbleness.
Nimbly,In a nimble manner; with agility; with light  quick motion.
Nimbose,Cloudy; stormy; tempestuous.
Nimbi,of Nimbus
Nimbuses,of Nimbus
Nimiety,State of being in excess.
Nimious,Excessive; extravagant; inordinate.
Nimmer,A thief.
Nin,Not in.
Nincompoop,A fool; a silly or stupid person.
Nine,Eight and one more; one less than ten; as  nine miles.
Nine-eyes,The lamprey.
Ninefold,Nine times repeated.
Nine-killer,The northern butcher bird.
Ninepences,of Ninepence
Ninepence,An old English silver coin  worth nine pence.
Ninescore,Nine times twenty  or one hundred and eighty.
Ninetieth,Next in order after the eighty-ninth.
Ninety,Nine times ten; eighty-nine and one more; as  ninety men.
Nineties,of Ninety
Ninnies,of Ninny
Ninny,A fool; a simpleton.
Ninnyhammer,A simpleton; a silly person.
Ninthly,In the ninth place.
Ninut,The magpie.
Niobate,Same as Columbate.
Niobic,Same as Columbic.
Niobite,Same as Columbite.
Niobium,A later name of columbium. See Columbium.
Nipped,of Nip
Nipt,of Nip
Nipping,of Nip
Nipper,One who  or that which nips.
Nipperkin,A small cup.
Nippers,Small pinchers for holding  breaking or cutting.
Nippingly,In a nipping manner.
Nippitate,Peculiary strong and good; -- said of ale or liquor.
Nippitato,Strong liquor.
Nis,Is not.
Nyseys,of Nisey
Nisey,A simpleton.
Nisi,Unless; if not.
Niste,Wist not; knew not.
Nisus,A striving; an effort; a conatus.
Nit,The egg of a louse or other small insect.
Nitency,Brightness; luster.
Niter,Alt. of Nitre
Nithing,See Niding.
Nitid,Bright; lustrous; shining.
Nitrate,A salt of nitric acid.
Nitriferous,Bearing niter; yielding  or containing niter.
Nitrifier,An agent employed in nitrification.
Nitrified,of Nitrify
Nitrifying,of Nitrify
Nitrite,A salt of nitrous acid.
Nitro-,A combining form or an adjective denoting the presence of niter.
Nitrobenzol,Alt. of Nitrobenzole
Nitrobenzole,See Nitrobenzene.
Nitrocarbol,See Nitromethane.
Nitrocellulose,See Gun cotton  under Gun.
Nitro-chloroform,Same as Chlorpicrin.
Nitrogenized,of Nitrogenize
Nitrogenizing,of Nitrogenize
Nitrogenize,To combine  or impregnate with nitrogen or its compounds.
Nitrohydrochloric,Of  pertaining to or containing nitric and hydrochloric acids.
Nitroleum,Nitroglycerin.
Nitrolic,Of  derived from or designating a nitrol; as a nitrolic acid.
Nitroprusside,See Nitroprussic.
Nitrose,See Nitrous.
Nitrosylic,Of  pertaining to or containing nitrosyl; as nitrosylic acid.
Nitroxyl,The group NO2  usually called the nitro group.
Nitrum,Niter.
Nitry,Nitrous.
Nitryl,A name sometimes given to the nitro group or radical.
Nitter,The horselouse; an insect that deposits nits on horses.
Nittily,Lousily.
Nittings,The refuse of good ore.
Nitty,Full of nits.
Nival,Abounding with snow; snowy.
Niveous,Snowy; resembling snow; partaking of the qualities of snow.
Nixie,See Nix.
No,Not any; not one; none.
Noes,of No
Noachian,Of or pertaining to the patriarch Noah  or to his time.
Noah,A patriarch of Biblical history  in the time of the Deluge.
Nob,The head.
Nobbily,In a nobby manner.
Nobbler,A dram of spirits.
Nobby,Stylish; modish; elegant; showy; aristocratic; fashionable.
Nobiliary,Of or pertaining to the nobility.
Nobilify,To make noble; to nobiliate.
Nobilitate,To make noble; to ennoble; to exalt.
Nobilitation,The act of making noble.
Noblemen,of Nobleman
Noble-minded,Having a noble mind; honorable; magnanimous.
Nobless,Alt. of Noblesse
Noblesse,Dignity; greatness; noble birth or condition.
Noblewomen,of Noblewoman
Noblewoman,A female of noble rank; a peeress.
Nobley,The body of nobles; the nobility.
Nobly,Of noble extraction; as  nobly born or descended.
Nobodies,of Nobody
Nobody,No person; no one; not anybody.
Nocently,Hurtfully; injuriosly.
Nocive,Hurtful; injurious.
Nock,A notch.
Noctambulation,Somnambulism; walking in sleep.
Noctambulism,Somnambulism.
Noctambulist,A somnambulist.
Noctambulo,A noctambulist.
Noctidial,Comprising a night and a day; a noctidial day.
Noctiferous,Bringing night.
NoctilucAe,of Noctiluca
Noctiluca,That which shines at night; -- a fanciful name for phosphorus.
Noctilucine,Of or pertaining to Noctiluca.
Noctilucous,Shining in the night.
Noctivagant,Going about in the night; night-wandering.
Noctivagation,A roving or going about in the night.
Noctivagous,Noctivagant.
Noctograph,A kind of writing frame for the blind.
Noctule,A large European bat (Vespertilio  / Noctulina altivolans).
Nocturn,An office of devotion  or act of religious service by night.
Nocturnally,By night; nightly.
Nocument,Harm; injury; detriment.
Nocuous,Hurtful; noxious.
Nodded,of Nod
Nodding,of Nod
Nodal,Of the nature of  or relating to a node; as a nodal point.
Nodated,Knotted.
Nodation,Act of making a knot  or state of being knotted.
Nodder,One who nods; a drowsy person.
Noddle,The head; -- used jocosely or contemptuously.
Noddies,of Noddy
Noddy,A simpleton; a fool.
Node,A knot  a knob; a protuberance; a swelling.
Nodose,Knotty; having numerous or conspicuous nodes.
Nodosous,Alt. of Nodous
Nodous,Nodose; knotty; knotted.
Nodular,Of  pertaining to or in the form of a nodule or knot.
Nodule,A rounded mass or irregular shape; a little knot or lump.
Noduled,Having little knots or lumps.
Nodulose,Alt. of Nodulous
Nodulous,Having small nodes or knots; diminutively nodose.
Noel,Same as Nowel.
Noematic,Alt. of Noematical
Noematical,Of or pertaining to the understanding.
Noemics,The science of the understanding; intellectual science.
Noetic,Alt. of Noetical
Noetical,Of or pertaining to the intellect; intellectual.
Nof,Not of; nor of.
Nog,A noggin.
Noggen,Made of hemp; hence  hard; rough; harsh.
Noggin,A small mug or cup.
Noght,Not.
Noiance,Annoyance.
Noie,To annoy. See Noy.
Noier,An annoyer.
Noils,Waste and knots of wool removed by the comb; combings.
Noint,To anoint.
Noious,Annoying; troublesome.
Noise,Sound of any kind.
Noised,of Noise
Noising,of Noise
Noiseful,Loud; clamorous.
Noisily,In a noisy manner.
Noisiness,The state or quality of being noisy.
Nolde,Would not.
Nole,The head.
Nolition,Adverse action of will; unwillingness; -- opposed to volition.
Noll,The head; the noddle.
Nolleity,The state of being unwilling; nolition.
Nol. pros.,An abbrev. of Nolle prosequi.
Nolt,Neat cattle.
Nom,Name.
Noma,See Canker  n. 1.
Nomade,See Nomad  n.
Nomadian,A nomad.
Nomadism,The state of being a nomad.
Nomadized,of Nomadize
Nomadizing,of Nomadize
Nomarch,The chief magistrate of a nome or nomarchy.
Nomarchies,of Nomarchy
Nombles,The entrails of a deer; the umbles.
Nomenclator,One who calls persons or things by their names.
Nomenclatress,A female nomenclator.
Nomenclatural,Pertaining or according to a nomenclature.
Nomenclature,A name.
Nomial,A name or term.
Nominalism,The principles or philosophy of the Nominalists.
Nominalistic,Of or pertaining to the Nominalists.
Nominalize,To convert into a noun.
Nominally,In a nominal manner; by name; in name only; not in reality.
Nominated,of Nominate
Nominating,of Nominate
Nominate,To mention by name; to name.
Nominately,By name; particularly; namely.
Nominatival,Of or pertaining to the nominative case.
Nominatively,In the manner of a nominative; as a nominative.
Nominator,One who nominates.
Nominor,A nominator.
Nomocracy,Government in accordance with a system of law.
Nomography,A treatise on laws; an exposition of the form proper for laws.
Nomology,The science of law; legislation.
Nomothete,A lawgiver.
Nomothetic,Alt. of Nomothetical
Nomothetical,Legislative; enacting laws; as  a nomothetical power.
Non,No; not. See No  a.
Nonability,Want of ability.
Nonacceptance,A neglect or refusal to accept.
Nonacquaintance,Want of acquaintance; the state of being unacquainted.
Nonacquiescence,Refusal of acquiescence; failure to yield or comply.
Nonadmission,Failure to be admitted.
Nonadult,Not adult; immature.
Nonaerobiotic,Capable of living without atmospheric oxygen; anaerobiotic.
Nonaged,Having the quality of nonage; being a minor; immature.
Nonagenarian,A person ninety years old.
Nonagesimal,Of or pertaining to the ninetieth degree or to a nonagesimal.
Nonagon,A figure or polygon having nine sides and nine angles.
Nonalienation,Failure to alienate; also  the state of not being alienated.
Nonarrival,Failure to arrive.
Non assumpsit,The general plea or denial in an action of assumpsit.
Nonattendance,A failure to attend; omission of attendance; nonappearance.
Nonattention,Inattention.
Nonbituminous,Containing no bitumen; not bituminous.
Nonchalance,Indifference; carelessness; coolness.
Nonchalant,Indifferent; careless; cool.
Nonchalantly,In a nonchalant  indifferent or careless manner; coolly.
Noncohesion,Want of cohesion.
Noncoincidence,Lack of coincidence.
Noncoincident,Not coincident.
Noncommissioned,Not having a commission.
Noncommunion,Neglect or failure of communion.
Noncompletion,Lack of completion; failure to complete.
Noncompliance,Neglect of compliance; failure to comply.
Noncomplying,Neglecting or refusing to comply.
Non compos,Alt. of Non compos mentis
Noncon.,See Noncontent.
Nonconcluding,Not concluding.
Nonconcur,To dissent or refuse to concur.
Nonconcurrence,Refusal to concur.
Noncondensible,Not condensible; incapable of being liquefied; -- said of gases.
Noncontagious,Not contagious; not catching; not communicable by contact.
Noncontributing,Alt. of Noncontributory
Noncontributory,Not contributing.
Nondeciduate,Characterized by the absence of a decidua; indeciduate.
Nondelivery,A neglect or failure of delivery; omission of delivery.
Nondeposition,A failure to deposit or throw down.
Nondevelopment,Failure or lack of development.
Nondiscovery,Want or failure of discovery.
Noneffective,Not effective.
Nonelastic,Not having elasticity.
Nonelect,A person or persons not elected  or chosen to salvation.
Nonelection,Failure of election.
Nonelectric,Alt. of Nonelectrical
Nonelectrical,Not electric; conducting electricity.
Nonemphatic,Alt. of Nonemphatical
Nonemphatical,Having no emphasis; unemphatic.
Nonentities,of Nonentity
Nonentity,Nonexistence; the negation of being.
Non-Episcopal,Not Episcopal; not pertaining to the Episcopal church or system.
Nonessential,Not essential.
Non est factum,The plea of the general issue in an action of debt on bond.
Nonet,Alt. of Nonetto
Nonetto,A composition for nine instruments  rarely for nine voices.
Nonett,The titmouse.
Nonexecution,Neglect or failure of execution; nonperformance.
Nonexistence,Absence of existence; the negation of being; nonentity.
Nonexistent,Not having existence.
Nonexportation,A failure of exportation; a not exporting of commodities.
Nonextensile,Not extensile; incapable of being stretched.
Nonfulfillment,Neglect or failure to fulfill.
Nonimportation,Want or failure of importation; a not importing of commodities.
Nonimporting,Not importing; not bringing from foreign countries.
Noninflectional,Not admitting of  or characterized by inflection.
Nonius,A vernier.
Nonjurant,Nonjuring.
Nonjurorism,The doctrines  or action of the Nonjurors.
Nonlimitation,Want of limitation; failure to limit.
Nonmalignant,Not malignant  as a disease.
Nonmanufacturing,Not carrying on manufactures.
Nonmember,One who is not a member.
Nonmembership,State of not being a member.
Nonmetallic,Not metallic.
Nonnatural,Not natural; unnatural.
Nonne,A nun.
Nonnecessity,Absence of necessity; the quality or state of being unnecessary.
Nonnucleated,Without a nucleus.
Nonny,A silly fellow; a ninny.
Nonobedience,Neglect of obedience; failure to obey.
Nonobservance,Neglect or failure to observe or fulfill.
Nonpayment,Neglect or failure to pay.
Nonperformance,Neglect or failure to perform.
Nonplane,Not lying in one plane; -- said of certain curves.
Nonplused,of Nonplus
Nonplussed,of Nonplus
Nonplusing,of Nonplus
Nonplussing,of Nonplus
Nonpreparation,Neglect or failure to prepare; want of preparation.
Nonpresentation,Neglect or failure to present; state of not being presented.
Nonproduction,A failure to produce or exhibit.
Nonproficiency,Want of proficiency; failure to make progress.
Nonproficient,One who has failed to become proficient.
Non pros.,An abbreviation of Non prosequitur.
Nonprossed,of Non-pros
Non-prossing,of Non-pros
Nonrecurrent,Not recurring.
Nonrecurring,Nonrecurrent.
Nonregardance,Want of due regard; disregard; slight.
Nonregent,A master of arts whose regency has ceased. See Regent.
Nonrendition,Neglect of rendition; the not rendering what is due.
Nonresemblance,Want of resemblance; unlikeness; dissimilarity.
Nonresidence,The state or condition of being nonresident
Nonresistant,Making no resistance.
Nonresisting,Not making resistance.
Nonruminant,Not ruminating; as  a nonruminant animal.
Nonsane,Unsound; not perfect; as  a person of nonsane memory.
Nonsensitive,Not sensitive; wanting sense or perception; not easily affected.
Non sequitur,An inference which does not follow from the premises.
Nonsexual,Having no distinction of sex; sexless; neuter.
Nonslaveholding,Not possessing or holding slaves; as  a nonslaveholding State.
Nonsolution,Failure of solution or explanation.
Nonsolvency,Inability to pay debts; insolvency.
Nonsolvent,Not solvent; insolvent.
Nonsonant,Not sonant.
Nonsparing,Sparing none.
Nonstriated,Without striations; unstriped; as  nonstriated muscle fibers.
Nonsubmission,Want of submission; failure or refusal to submit.
Nonsubmissive,Not submissive.
Nonsuch,See Nonesuch.
Nonsuited,of Nonsuit
Nonsuiting,of Nonsuit
Nonsurety,Insecurity.
Nonterm,A vacation between two terms of a court.
Nontoxic,Not toxic.
Nonunionist,One who does not belong  or refuses to belong to a trades union.
Nonusance,Neglect of using; failure to use.
Nonuser,A not using; failure to use.
Nonvascular,Destitute of vessels; extravascular.
Nonvernacular,Not vernacular.
Nonvocal,Not vocal; destitute of tone.
Noodle,A simpleton; a blockhead; a stupid person; a ninny.
Nook-shotten,Full of nooks  angles or corners.
Noological,Of or pertaining to noology.
Noologist,One versed in noology.
Noology,The science of intellectual phenomena.
Noon,No. See the Note under No.
Noonday,Midday; twelve o'clock in the day; noon.
Noon-flower,The goat's beard  whose flowers close at midday.
Nooning,A rest at noon; a repast at noon.
Noonshun,See Nunchion.
Noonstead,The position of the sun at noon.
Noontide,The time of noon; midday.
Noosed,of Noose
Noosing,of Noose
Noot,See lst Not.
Nopalries,of Nopalry
Nopalry,A plantation of the nopal for raising the cochineal insect.
Nope,A bullfinch.
Norbertine,See Premonstrant.
Norian,Pertaining to the upper portion of the Laurentian rocks.
Norice,Nurse.
Norie,The cormorant.
Norimons,of Norimon
Norimon,A Japanese covered litter  carried by men.
Norium,A supposed metal alleged to have been discovered in zircon.
Norm,A rule or authoritative standard; a model; a type.
Norma,A norm; a principle or rule; a model; a standard.
Normalization,Reduction to a standard or normal state.
Normally,In a normal manner.
Norman,A wooden bar  or iron pin.
Normanism,A Norman idiom; a custom or expression peculiar to the Normans.
Norn,Alt. of Norna
Norsemen,of Norseman
Norseman,One of the ancient Scandinavians; a Northman.
Nortelry,Nurture; education; culture; bringing up.
Northeaster,A storm  strong wind or gale coming from the northeast.
Northeastern,Of or pertaining to the northeast; northeasterly.
Northeastward,Alt. of Northeastwardly
Northeastwardly,Toward the northeast.
Northerner,One born or living in the north.
Northernly,Northerly.
Northernmost,Farthest north.
Northmen,of Northman
Northmost,Lying farthest north; northernmost.
Northumbrian,Of or pertaining to Northumberland in England.
Northwardly,Having a northern direction.
Northwester,A storm or gale from the northwest; a strong northwest wind.
Northwesterly,Toward the northwest  or from the northwest.
Northwestward,Alt. of Northwestwardly
Northwestwardly,Toward the northwest.
Norwegian,Of or pertaining to Norway  its inhabitants or its language.
Norweyan,Norwegian.
Nosed,of Nose
Nosing,of Nose
Nosebleed,A bleeding at the nose.
Nosegay,A bunch of odorous and showy flowers; a bouquet; a posy.
Nosel,To nurse; to lead or teach; to foster; to nuzzle.
Noseless,Destitute of a nose.
Nosethirl,Alt. of Nosethril
Nosethril,Nostril.
Nosle,Nozzle.
Nosocomial,Of or pertaining to a hospital; as  nosocomial atmosphere.
Nosography,A description or classification of diseases.
Nosological,Of or pertaining to nosology.
Nosologist,One versed in nosology.
Nosology,A systematic arrangement  or classification of diseases.
Nosopoetic,Producing diseases.
Nost,Wottest not; knowest not.
Nostalgic,Of or pertaining to nostalgia; affected with nostalgia.
Nostalgy,Same as Nostalgia.
Nostrums,of Nostrum
Not,Wot not; know not; knows not.
Notabilia,Things worthy of notice.
Notabilities,of Notability
Notability,Quality of being notable.
Notable,Capable of being noted; noticeable; plan; evident.
Notableness,The quality of being notable.
Notably,In a notable manner.
Notaeum,The back or upper surface  as of a bird.
Notal,Of or pertaining to the back; dorsal.
Notanda,of Notandum
Notarially,In a notarial manner.
Notaries,of Notary
Notate,Marked with spots or lines  which are often colored.
Notch,A hollow cut in anything; a nick; an indentation.
Notched,of Notch
Notching,of Notch
Notchboard,The board which receives the ends of the steps in a staircase.
Note,To butt; to push with the horns.
Noted,of Note
Noting,of Note
Notebook,A book in which notes or memorandums are written.
Noteful,Useful.
Noteless,Not attracting notice; not conspicuous.
Notelessness,A state of being noteless.
Notelet,A little or short note; a billet.
Noter,One who takes notice.
Noteworthy,Worthy of observation or notice; remarkable.
Nother,Neither; nor.
Nothingarian,One of no certain belief; one belonging to no particular sect.
Nothingism,Nihility; nothingness.
Nothingness,Nihility; nonexistence.
Noticed,of Notice
Noticing,of Notice
Noticeably,In a noticeable manner.
Noticer,One who notices.
Notified,of Notify
Notifying,of Notify
Notionality,A notional or groundless opinion.
Notionally,In mental apprehension; in conception; not in reality.
Notionate,Notional.
Notionist,One whose opinions are ungrounded notions.
Notist,An annotator.
Notobranchiate,Of or pertaining to the Notobranchiata.
Notochordal,Of or pertaining to the notochord; having a notochord.
Notopodia,of Notopodium
Notopodiums,of Notopodium
Notopodium,The dorsal lobe or branch of a parapodium. See Parapodium.
Nototrema,The pouched  or marsupial frog of South America.
Not-pated,Alt. of Nott-pated
Nott-pated,Same as Nott-headed.
Notself,The negative of self.
Nott,Shorn.
Nott-headed,Having the hair cut close.
Notturno,Same as Nocturne.
Nota,of Notum
Notum,The back.
Notus,The south wind.
Notwheat,Wheat not bearded.
Notwithstanding,Without prevention  or obstruction from or by; in spite of.
Nouch,An ouch; a jewel.
Nougat,A cake  sweetmeat or confection made with almonds or other nuts.
Nought,See Naught.
Nould,Would not.
Noule,The top of the head; the head or noll.
Nounal,Of or pertaining to a noun.
Nounize,To change (an adjective  verb etc.) into a noun.
Nourice,A nurse.
Nourished,of Nourish
Nourishing,of Nourish
Nourisher,One who  or that which nourishes.
Nouriture,Nurture.
Noursle,To nurse; to rear; to bring up.
Nous,Intellect; understanding; talent; -- used humorously.
Nousel,Alt. of Nousle
Nousle,To insnare; to entrap.
Nouthe,Alt. of Nowthe
Nowthe,Just now; at present.
Novatianism,The doctrines or principles of the Novatians.
Novation,Innovation.
Novator,An innovator.
Novelette,A short novel.
Novelism,Innovation.
Novelist,An innovator; an asserter of novelty.
Novelize,To innovate.
Novelized,of Novelize
Novelizing,of Novelize
Novelry,Novelty; new things.
Novelties,of Novelty
November,The eleventh month of the year  containing thirty days.
Novenary,Of or pertaining to the number nine.
Novene,Relating to  or dependent on the number nine; novenary.
Novennial,Done or recurring every ninth year.
Novercal,Done or recurring every ninth year.
Noviceship,The state of being a novice; novitiate.
Novilunar,Of or pertaining to the new moon.
Novitious,Newly invented; recent; new.
Novity,Newness; novelty.
Nowadays,In these days; at the present time.
Noway,Alt. of Noways
Noways,In no manner or degree; not at all; nowise.
Nowch,See Nouch.
Nowd,The European gray gurnard (Trigla gurnardus).
Nowed,Knotted; tied in a knot  as a serpent.
Nowes,The marriage knot.
Nowhither,Not anywhither; in no direction; nowhere.
Nowise,Not in any manner or degree; in no way; noways.
Nowt,Neat cattle.
Noy,To annoy; to vex.
Noyance,Annoyance.
Noyer,An annoyer.
Noyful,Full of annoyance.
Noyls,See Noils.
Noyous,Annoying; disagreeable.
Nozle,Nozzle.
Nuance,A shade of difference; a delicate gradation.
Nub,To push; to nudge; also  to beckon.
Nubbin,A small or imperfect ear of maize.
Nubble,To beat or bruise with the fist.
Nubeculae,of Nubecula
Nubecula,A nebula.
Nubia,A light fabric of wool  worn on the head by women; a cloud.
Nubian,Of or pertaining to Nubia in Eastern Africa.
Nubiferous,Bringing  or producing clouds.
Nubigenous,Born of  or produced from clouds.
Nubilate,To cloud.
Nubile,Of an age suitable for marriage; marriageable.
Nubility,The state of being marriageable.
Nubilose,Alt. of Nubilous
Nubilous,Cloudy.
Nucelli,of Nucellus
Nucellus,See Nucleus  3 (a).
Nuch/,of Nucha
Nucha,The back or upper part of the neck; the nape.
Nuciferous,Bearing  or producing nuts.
Nuciform,Shaped like a nut; nut-shaped.
Nucin,See Juglone.
Nucleal,Alt. of Nuclear
Nucleate,Having a nucleus; nucleated.
Nucleated,Having a nucleus; nucleate; as  nucleated cells.
Nucleiform,Formed like a nucleus or kernel.
Nucleobranch,Belonging to the Nucleobranchiata.
Nucleobranchiata,See Heteropoda.
Nucleoidioplasma,Hyaline plasma contained in the nucleus of vegetable cells.
Nucleolar,Of or pertaining to the nucleolus of a cell.
Nucleolated,Having a nucleole  or second inner nucleus.
Nucleole,The nucleus within a nucleus; nucleolus.
Nucleoli,of Nucleolus
Nucleolus,A little nucleus.
Nucleuses,of Nucleus
Nuclei,of Nucleus
Nucle,Same as Nutlet.
Nucumentaceous,See Nucamentaceous.
Nudation,The act of stripping  or making bare or naked.
Nuddle,To walk quickly with the head bent forward; -- often with along.
Nude,Bare; naked; unclothed; undraped; as  a nude statue.
Nudge/,of Nudge
Nudging,of Nudge
Nudibrachiate,Having tentacles without vibratile cilia.
Nudibranch,Of or pertaining to the Nudibranchiata.
Nudibranchiate,Same as Nudibranch.
Nudicaul,Having the stems leafless.
Nudification,The act of making nude.
Nudities,of Nudity
Nudity,The quality or state of being nude; nakedness.
Nudum pactum,A bare  naked contract without any consideration.
Nugacity,Futility; trifling talk or behavior; drollery.
Nugae,Trifles; jests.
Nugation,The act or practice of trifling.
Nugatory,Trifling; vain; futile; insignificant.
Nugify,To render trifling or futile; to make silly.
Nuisancer,One who makes or causes a nuisance.
Nul,No; not any; as  nul disseizin; nul tort.
Nulled,Turned so as to resemble nulls.
Nullibiety,The state or condition of being nowhere.
Nullified,of Nullify
Nullifying,of Nullify
Nullities,of Nullity
Numbed,of Numb
Numbing,of Numb
Numbedness,Numbness.
Numbered,of Number
Numbering,of Number
Numberer,One who numbers.
Numberful,Numerous.
Numberless,Innumerable; countless.
Numberous,Numerous.
Numbfish,The torpedo  which numbs by the electric shocks which it gives.
Numbless,See Nombles.
Numerable,Capable of being numbered or counted.
Numeral,Of or pertaining to number; consisting of number or numerals.
Numerally,According to number; in number; numerically.
Numerated,of Numerate
Numerating,of Numerate
Numeration,The act or art of numbering.
Numerative,Of or pertaining to numeration; as  a numerative system.
Numerator,One who numbers.
Numeric,Alt. of Numerical
Numerist,One who deals in numbers.
Numero,Number; -- often abbrev. No.
Numerosity,The state of being numerous; numerousness.
Numidian,Of or pertaining to ancient Numidia in Northern Africa.
Numismatic,Alt. of Numismatical
Numismatics,The science of coins and medals.
Numismatist,One skilled in numismatics; a numismatologist.
Numismatography,A treatise on  or description of coins and medals.
Numismatologist,One versed in numismatology.
Nummary,Of or relating to coins or money.
Nummular,Alt. of Nummulary
Nummulite,A fossil of the genus Nummulites and allied genera.
Nummulitic,Of  like composed of containing nummulites; as nummulitic beds.
Numps,A dolt; a blockhead.
Numskull,A dunce; a dolt; a stupid fellow.
Numskulled,Stupid; doltish.
Nunciate,One who announces; a messenger; a nuncio.
Nunciature,The office of a nuncio.
Nuncios,of Nuncio
Nuncio,A messenger.
Nuncii,of Nuncius
Nuncius,A messenger.
Nuncupate,To declare publicly or solemnly; to proclaim formally.
Nuncupation,The act of nuncupating.
Nuncupative,Publicly or solemnly declaratory.
Nuncupatory,Nuncupative; oral.
Nundinal,A nundinal letter.
Nundinary,Of or pertaining to a fair  or to a market day.
Nundinate,To buy and sell at fairs or markets.
Nundination,Traffic at fairs; marketing; buying and selling.
Nunnation,The pronunciation of n at the end of words.
Nunneries,of Nunnery
Nunnish,Of  pertaining to or resembling a nun; characteristic of a nun.
Nup,Same as Nupson.
Nupson,A simpleton; a fool.
Nuptials,of Nuptial
Nurled,of Nurl
Nurling,of Nurl
Nursed,of Nurse
Nursing,of Nurse
Nursehound,See Houndfish.
Nursemaid,A girl employed to attend children.
Nursepond,A pond where fish are fed.
Nurser,One who nurses; a nurse; one who cherishes or encourages growth.
Nurseries,of Nursery
Nursery,The act of nursing.
Nurserymen,of Nurseryman
Nursling,One who  or that which is nursed; an infant; a fondling.
Nurstle,To nurse. See Noursle.
Nurtured,of Nurture
Nurturing,of Nurture
Nustle,To fondle; to cherish.
Nutted,of Nut
Nutting,of Nut
Nutant,Nodding; having the top bent downward.
Nutation,The act of nodding.
Nutbreaker,The European nuthatch.
Nut-brown,Brown as a nut long kept and dried.
Nutcracker,An instrument for cracking nuts.
Nutjobber,The nuthatch.
Nutlet,A small nut; also  the stone of a drupe.
Nutmegged,Seasoned with nutmeg.
Nutpecker,The nuthatch.
Nutria,The fur of the coypu. See Coypu.
Nutrication,The act or manner of feeding.
Nutrient,Nutritious; nourishing; promoting growth.
Nutrimental,Nutritious.
Nutritial,Pertaining to  or connected with nutrition; nutritious.
Nutritional,Of or pertaining to nutrition; as  nutritional changes.
Nutritious,Nourishing; promoting growth  or preventing decay; alimental.
Nutriture,Nutrition; nourishment.
Nutter,A gatherer of nuts.
Nutty,Abounding in nuts.
Nuzzied,of Nuzzle
Nuzzling,of Nuzzle
Nuzzle,To noursle or nurse; to foster; to bring up.
Ny,Not I; nor I.
Nye,Nigh.
Nyas,See Nias.
Nyctalops,One afflicted with nyctalopia.
Nyctalopy,Same as Nyctalopia.
Nycthemeron,The natural day and night  or space of twenty-four hours.
Nyctitropic,Turning or bending at night into special positions.
Nylghau,Alt. of Nylgau
Nymph,A goddess of the mountains  forests meadows or waters.
Nymph/,of Nympha
Nympha,Same as Nymph  3.
Nymphal,Of or pertaining to a nymph or nymphs; nymphean.
Nymphet,A little or young nymph.
Nymphic,Alt. of Nymphical
Nymphical,Of or pertaining to nymphs.
Nymphiparous,Producing pupas or nymphs.
Nymphish,Relating to nymphs; ladylike.
Nymphlike,Alt. of Nymphly
Nymphly,Resembling  or characteristic of a nymph.
Nympholeptic,Under the influence of nympholepsy; ecstatic; frenzied.
Nymphomany,Same as Nymphomania.
Nymphotomy,Excision of the nymphae.
Nys,Is not. See Nis.
Nystagmus,A rapid involuntary oscillation of the eyeballs.
O's,of O
Oes,of O
Oad,See Woad.
Oafish,Like an oaf; simple.
Oaken,Made or consisting of oaks or of the wood of oaks.
Oaker,See Ocher.
Oakling,A young oak.
Oaky,Resembling oak; strong.
Oared,of Oar
Oaring,of Oar
Oarfish,The ribbon fish.
Oarfoot,Any crustacean of the genus Remipes.
Oar-footed,Having feet adapted for swimming.
Oarless,Without oars.
Oarsmen,of Oarsman
Oarsman,One who uses  or is skilled in the use of an oar; a rower.
Oary,Having the form or the use of an oar; as  the swan's oary feet.
Oases,of Oasis
Oast,A kiln to dry hops or malt; a cockle.
Oats,of Oat
Oatcake,A cake made of oatmeal.
Oaten,Consisting of an oat straw or stem; as  an oaten pipe.
Oaths,of Oath
Oathable,Capable of having an oath administered to.
Oathbreaking,The violation of an oath; perjury.
Oatmeal,Meal made of oats.
Obconic,Alt. of Obconical
Obconical,Conical  but having the apex downward; inversely conical.
Obdiplostemony,The condition of being obdiplostemonous.
Obdormition,Sleep.
Obduce,To draw over  as a covering.
Obduct,To draw over; to cover.
Obduction,The act of drawing or laying over  as a covering.
Obduration,A hardening of the heart; hardness of heart.
Obdure,To harden.
Obdured,Obdurate; hard.
Obdureness,Alt. of Obduredness
Obduredness,Hardness.
Obbe,See Obi.
Obeah,Same as Obi.
Obedible,Obedient.
Obedienciary,One yielding obedience.
Obediential,According to the rule of obedience.
Obediently,In an obedient manner; with obedience.
Obeisance,Obedience.
Obeisancy,See Obeisance.
Obeliscal,Formed like an obelisk.
Obelisked,of Obelisk
Obelisking,of Obelisk
Obelized,of Obelize
Obelizing,of Obelize
Obelize,To designate with an obelus; to mark as doubtful or spirituous.
Obeli,of Obelus
Obequitate,To ride about.
Oberon,The king of the fairies  and husband of Titania or Queen Mab.
Oberration,A wandering about.
Obese,Excessively corpulent; fat; fleshy.
Obeseness,Quality of being obese; obesity.
Obesity,The state or quality of being obese; incumbrance of flesh.
Obeyed,of Obey
Obeying,of Obey
Obeyer,One who yields obedience.
Obeyingly,Obediently; submissively.
Obfirm,Alt. of Obfirmate
Obfirmate,To make firm; to harden in resolution.
Obfirmation,Hardness of heart; obduracy.
Obfuscate,Obfuscated; darkened; obscured.
Obfuscated,of Obfuscate
Obfuscating,of Obfuscate
Obimbricate,Imbricated  with the overlapping ends directed downward.
Obit,Death; decease; the date of one's death.
Obiter,In passing; incidentally; by the way.
Obituarily,In the manner of an obituary.
Obituaries,of Obituary
Objected,of Object
Objecting,of Object
Object,To set before or against; to bring into opposition; to oppose.
Objectist,One who adheres to  or is skilled in the objective philosophy.
Objectivate,To objectify.
Objectivation,Converting into an object.
Objective,Of or pertaining to an object.
Objectiveness,Objectivity.
Objectless,Having no object; purposeless.
Objibways,See Chippeways.
Objicient,One who makes objection; an objector.
Objuration,A binding by oath.
Objurgated,of Objurgate
Objurgating,of Objurgate
Objurgate,To chide; to reprove.
Objurgation,The act of objurgating; reproof.
Oblateness,The quality or state of being oblate.
Oblati,Children dedicated in their early years to the monastic state.
Oblation,The act of offering  or of making an offering.
Oblationer,One who makes an offering as an act worship or reverence.
Oblatrate,To bark or snarl  as a dog.
Oblatration,The act of oblatrating; a barking or snarling.
Oblata,of Oblatum
Oblectate,To delight; to please greatly.
Obligable,Acknowledging  or complying with obligation; trustworthy.
Obligated,of Obligate
Obligating,of Obligate
Obligation,The act of obligating.
Obligato,See Obbligato.
Obligatorily,In an obligatory manner; by reason of obligation.
Obligatoriness,The quality or state of being obligatory.
Obliged,of Oblige
Obliging,of Oblige
Oblige,To attach  as by a bond.
Obligement,Obligation.
Obliger,One who  or that which obliges.
Obligor,The person who binds himself  or gives his bond to another.
Obliqued,of Oblique
Obliquing,of Oblique
Oblique-angled,Having oblique angles; as  an oblique-angled triangle.
Obliquely,In an oblique manner; not directly; indirectly.
Obliqueness,Quality or state of being oblique.
Obliquities,of Obliquity
Oblite,Indistinct; slurred over.
Obliterated,of Obliterate
Obliterating,of Obliterate
Obliterative,Tending or serving to obliterate.
Oblivious,Promoting oblivion; causing forgetfulness.
Oblocutor,A disputer; a gainsayer.
Oblong,Having greater length than breadth  esp. when rectangular.
Oblongata,The medulla oblongata.
Oblongatal,Of or pertaining to the medulla oblongata; medullar.
Oblongish,Somewhat oblong.
Oblongly,In an oblong form.
Oblongness,State or quality of being oblong.
Oblong-ovate,Between oblong and ovate  but inclined to the latter.
Oblonga,of Oblongum
Obloquious,Containing obloquy; reproachful
Obluctation,A struggle against; resistance; opposition.
Obmutescence,A becoming dumb; loss of speech.
Obnoxious,Subject; liable; exposed; answerable; amenable; -- with to.
Obnubilate,To cloud; to obscure.
Oboist,A performer on the oboe.
Obolary,Possessing only small coins; impoverished.
Obolize,See Obelize.
Oboli,of Obolus
Obomegoid,Obversely omegoid.
Oboval,Obovate.
Obreption,The act of creeping upon with secrecy or by surprise.
Obrok,A rent.
Obscenities,of Obscenity
Obscurantism,The system or the principles of the obscurants.
Obscurantist,Same as Obscurant.
Obscured,of Obscure
Obscuring,of Obscure
Obscurely,In an obscure manner.
Obscureness,Obscurity.
Obscurer,One who  or that which obscures.
Obsecrated,of Obsecrate
Obsecrating,n.  of Obsecrate
Obsecrate,To beseech; to supplicate; to implore.
Obsecratory,Expressing  or used in entreaty; supplicatory.
Obsequent,Obedient; submissive; obsequious.
Obsequience,Obsequiousness.
Obsequies,See Obsequy.
Obsequiously,In an obsequious manner; compliantly; fawningly.
Obsequiousness,The quality or state of being obsequious.
Observancy,Observance.
Observanda,of Observandum
Observandum,A thing to be observed.
Observantly,In an observant manner.
Observative,Observing; watchful.
Observator,One who observes or takes notice.
Observatories,of Observatory
Observed,of Observe
Observing,of Observe
Observership,The office or work of an observer.
Obsess,To besiege; to beset.
Obsession,The act of besieging.
Obsidional,Of or pertaining to a siege.
Obsigillation,A sealing up.
Obsign,To seal; to confirm  as by a seal or stamp.
Obsignate,To seal; to ratify.
Obsignatory,Ratifying; confirming by sealing.
Obsolesce,To become obsolescent.
Obsolescence,The state of becoming obsolete.
Obsolescent,Going out of use; becoming obsolete; passing into desuetude.
Obsoletely,In an obsolete manner.
Obsoletism,A disused word or phrase; an archaism.
Obstancy,Opposition; impediment; obstruction.
Obstetric,Alt. of Obstetrical
Obstetricate,To perform the office of midwife.
Obstetrication,The act of assisting as a midwife; delivery.
Obstetrician,One skilled in obstetrics; an accoucheur.
Obstetricy,Obstetrics.
Obstination,Obstinacy; stubbornness.
Obstipation,The act of stopping up  as a passage.
Obstringe,To constrain; to put under obligation.
Obstructed,of Obstruct
Obstructing,of Obstruct
Obstructer,One who obstructs or hinders.
Obstruction,The act of obstructing  or state of being obstructed.
Obstructionism,The act or the policy of obstructing progress.
Obstupefaction,See Stupefaction.
Obstupefactive,Stupefactive.
Obstupefy,See Stupefy.
Obtained,of Obtain
Obtaining,of Obtain
Obtain,To hold; to keep; to possess.
Obtainable,Capable of being obtained.
Obtainer,One who obtains.
Obtainment,The act or process of obtaining; attainment.
Obtected,Covered; protected.
Obtemper,To obey (a judgment or decree).
Obtemperate,To obey.
Obtended,of Obtend
Obtending,of Obtend
Obtend,To oppose; to hold out in opposition.
Obtenebration,The act of darkening; the state of being darkened; darkness.
Obtension,The act of obtending.
Obtested,of Obtest
Obtesting,of Obtest
Obtest,To call to witness; to invoke as a witness.
Obtestation,The act of obtesting; supplication; protestation.
Obtrectation,Slander; detraction; calumny.
Obtruded,of Obtrude
Obtruding,of Obtrude
Obtruder,One who obtrudes.
Obtruncate,To deprive of a limb; to lop.
Obtruncation,The act of lopping or cutting off.
Obtrusionist,One who practices or excuses obtrusion.
Obtunded,of Obtund
Obtunding,of Obtund
Obturation,The act of stopping up  or closing an opening.
Obturator,That which closes or stops an opening.
Obtusangular,See Obstuseangular.
Obtuse-angled,Alt. of obtuse-angular
obtuse-angular,Having an obtuse angle; as  an obtuse-angled triangle.
Obtusely,In an obtuse manner.
Obtuseness,State or quality of being obtuse.
Obtusion,The act or process of making obtuse or blunt.
Obtusity,Obtuseness.
Obumbrant,Overhanging; as  obumbrant feathers.
Obumbrate,To shade; to darken; to cloud.
Obumbration,Act of darkening or obscuring.
Obuncous,Hooked or crooked in an extreme degree.
Obversant,Conversant; familiar.
Obversely,In an obverse manner.
Obversion,The act of turning toward or downward.
Obverted,of Obvert
Obverting,of Obvert
Obvert,To turn toward.
Obviated,of Obviate
Obviating,of Obviate
Obviate,To meet in the way.
Obviation,The act of obviating  or the state of being obviated.
Obvious,Opposing; fronting.
Obvolute,Alt. of Obvoluted
Oby,See Obi.
Occamy,An alloy imitating gold or silver.
Occasioned,of Occasion
Occasioning,of Occasion
Occasionable,Capable of being occasioned or caused.
Occasionality,Quality or state of being occasional; occasional occurrence.
Occasionate,To occasion.
Occasioner,One who  or that which occasions causes or produces.
Occecation,The act of making blind  or the state of being blind.
Occidentals,Western Christians of the Latin rite. See Orientals.
Occiduous,Western; occidental.
Occipita,of Occiput
Occiputs,of Occiput
Occision,A killing; the act of killing.
Occlude,To shut up; to close.
Occludent,Serving to close; shutting up.
Occluse,Shut; closed.
Occlusion,The act of occluding  or the state of being occluded.
Occrustate,To incrust; to harden.
Occulted,Hidden; secret.
Occulting,Same as Occultation.
Occultism,A certain Oriental system of theosophy.
Occultist,An adherent of occultism.
Occultly,In an occult manner.
Occultness,State or quality of being occult.
Occupancy,The act of taking or holding possession; possession; occupation.
Occupate,To occupy.
Occupier,One who occupies  or has possession.
Occupied,of Occupy
Occupying,of Occupy
Occurred,of Occur
Occurring,of Occur
Occur,To meet; to clash.
Occurrence,A coming or happening; as  the occurence of a railway collision.
Occurrent,Occurring or happening; hence  incidental; accidental.
Occurse,Same as Occursion.
Occursion,A meeting; a clash; a collision.
Oceanography,A description of the ocean.
Oceanology,That branch of science which relates to the ocean.
Ocellary,Of or pertaining to ocelli.
Ocellate,Same as Ocellated.
Ocellated,Resembling an eye.
Ocelli,of Ocellus
Ocellus,A little eye; a minute simple eye found in many invertebrates.
Oceloid,Resembling the ocelot.
Ocher,Alt. of Ochre
Ocherous,Alt. of Ochreous
Ochery,Ocherous.
Ochimy,See Occamy.
Ochlocracy,A form of government by the multitude; a mobocracy.
Ochlocratic,Alt. of Ochlocratical
Ochraceous,Ocherous.
Ochreaee,of Ochrea
Ochrea,A greave or legging.
Ochreate,Alt. of Ochreated
Ochrey,See Ochery.
Ochroleucous,Yellowish white; having a faint tint of dingy yellow.
Ochry,See Ochery.
Ochymy,See Occamy.
Ocra,See Okra.
Ocrea,See Ochrea.
Ocreate,Alt. of Ocreated
Ocreated,Same as Ochreate  Ochreated.
Octa-,A prefix meaning eight. See Octo-.
Octachord,An instrument of eight strings; a system of eight tones.
Octaedral,See Octahedral.
Octaemeron,A fast of eight days before a great festival.
Octagon,A plane figure of eight sides and eight angles.
Octagonal,Having eight sides and eight angles.
Octagynous,Having eight pistils or styles; octogynous.
Octahedrite,Titanium dioxide occurring in acute octahedral crystals.
Octander,One of the Octandria.
Octandrian,Alt. of Octandrous
Octangular,Having eight angles; eight-angled.
Octant,The eighth part of a circle; an arc of 45 degrees.
Octaroon,See Octoroon.
Octastyle,See Octostyle.
Octavos,of Octavo
Octene,Same as Octylene.
Octic,Of the eighth degree or order.
Octile,Same as Octant  2.
Octo-,Alt. of Octa-
Octoate,A salt of an octoic acid; a caprylate.
October,The tenth month of the year  containing thirty-one days.
Octocera,Octocerata.
Octochord,See Octachord.
Octodecimos,of Octodecimo
Octodentate,Having eight teeth.
Octoedrical,See Octahedral.
Octofid,Cleft or separated into eight segments  as a calyx.
Octogamy,A marrying eight times.
Octogenarian,A person eighty years  or more of age.
Octogenary,Of eighty years of age.
Octogonal,See Octagonal.
Octogynia,A Linnaean order of plants having eight pistils.
Octogynian,Alt. of Octogynous
Octogynous,Having eight pistils; octagynous.
Octolocular,Having eight cells for seeds.
Octonary,Of or pertaining to the number eight.
Octonocular,Having eight eyes.
Octopede,An animal having eight feet  as a spider.
Octopetalous,Having eight petals or flower leaves.
Octopod,One of the Octocerata.
Octopoda,Same as Octocerata.
Octopodia,Same as Octocerata.
Octopus,A genus of eight-armed cephalopods
Octoroon,The offspring of a quadroon and a white person; a mestee.
Octospermous,Containing eight seeds.
Octostichous,In eight vertical ranks  as leaves on a stem.
Octosyllabic,Alt. of Octosyllabical
Octosyllabical,Consisting of or containing eight syllables.
Octosyllable,Octosyllabic.
Octuor,See Octet.
Octuple,Eightfold.
Ocularly,By the eye  or by actual sight.
Oculate,Alt. of Oculated
Oculated,Furnished with eyes.
Oculist,One skilled in treating diseases of the eye.
Oculo-,A combining form from L. oculus the eye.
Oculi,of Oculus
Oculus,An eye; (Bot.) a leaf bud.
Odalisque,A female slave or concubine in the harem of the Turkish sultan.
Oddities,of Oddity
Oddly,In an odd manner; unevently.
Oddness,The state of being odd  or not even.
Odelet,A little or short ode.
Odeum,See Odeon.
Odible,Fitted to excite hatred; hateful.
Odic,Of or pertaining to od. See Od.
Odinic,Of or pertaining to Odin.
Odist,A writer of an ode or odes.
Odized,of Odize
Odizing,of Odize
Odize,To charge with od. See Od.
Odometrous,Serving to measure distance on a road.
Odometry,Measurement of distances by the odometer.
Odonata,The division of insects that includes the dragon flies.
Odontalgia,Toothache.
Odontalgic,Of or pertaining to odontalgia.
Odontalgy,Same as Odontalgia.
Odontiasis,Cutting of the teeth; dentition.
Odonto-,A combining form from Gr. 'odoy`s  'odo`ntos a tooth.
Odontogeny,Generetion  or mode of development of the teeth.
Odontographic,Of or pertaining to odontography.
Odontography,A description of the teeth.
Odontoid,Having the form of a tooth; toothlike.
Odontophora,Same as Cephalophora.
Odontophorous,Having an odontophore.
Odontoplast,An odontoblast.
Odontostomatous,Having toothlike mandibles; -- applied to certain insects.
Odor,Any smell  whether fragrant or offensive; scent; perfume.
Odorament,A perfume; a strong scent.
Odorant,Yielding odors; fragrant.
Odorate,Odorous.
Odorating,Diffusing odor or scent; fragrant.
Odorline,A pungent oily substance obtained by redistilling bone oil.
Odorless,Free from odor.
Odyl,Alt. of Odyle
Odyle,See Od. [Archaic].
Odylic,Of or pertaining to odyle; odic; as  odylic force.
Oeconomical,See Economical.
Oeconomics,See Economics.
Oeconomy,See Economy.
Oecumenical,See Ecumenical.
Oedematous,Pertaining to  or of the nature of edema; affected with edema.
Oeiliad,Alt. of Oeillade
Oeillade,A glance of the eye; an amorous look.
Oelet,An eye  bud or shoot as of a plant; an oilet.
Oenanthate,A salt of the supposed /nanthic acid.
Oenanthone,The ketone of oenanthic acid.
Oenanthylate,A salt of /nanthylic acid; as  potassium oenanthylate.
Oenanthylidene,A colorless liquid hydrocarbon  having a garlic odor; heptine.
Oenocyan,The coloring matter of red wines.
Oenology,Knowledge of wine  scientific or practical.
Oenomania,Delirium tremens.
Oenomel,Wine mixed with honey; mead
Oenophilist,A lover of wine.
O'er,A contr. of Over.
Oesophagus,Alt. of Oesophageal
Oesophageal,Same as Esophagus  Esophageal etc.
Oestrian,Of or pertaining to the gadflies.
Off,In a general sense  denoting from or away from; as:
Offal,The rejected or waste parts of a butchered animal.
Offcut,That which is cut off.
Offence,See Offense.
Offended,of Offend
Offending,of Offend
Offend,To strike against; to attack; to assail.
Offendant,An offender.
Offendress,A woman who offends.
Offense,Alt. of Offence
Offenseful,Causing offense; displeasing; wrong; as  an offenseful act.
Offenseless,Unoffending; inoffensive.
Offensible,That may give offense.
Offension,Assault; attack.
Offered,of Offer
Offering,of Offer
Offerable,Capable of being offered; suitable or worthy to be offered.
Offertories,of Offertory
Offertory,The act of offering  or the thing offered.
Offerture,Offer; proposal; overture.
Officeholder,An officer  particularly one in the civil service; a placeman.
Officered,of Officer
Officering,of Officer
Officialily,See Officialty.
Officialty,The charge  office court or jurisdiction of an official.
Officiary,Of or pertaining to an office or an officer; official.
Officiated,of Officiate
Officiating,of Officiate
Officiator,One who officiates.
Officinal,Used in a shop  or belonging to it.
Officious,Pertaining to  or being in accordance with duty.
Offish,Shy or distant in manner.
Offlet,A pipe to let off water.
Offscum,Removed scum; refuse; dross.
Offsetting,of Offset
Offshore,From the shore; as  an offshore wind; an offshore signal.
Offspring,The act of production; generation.
Offuscate,Alt. of Offuscation
Offuscation,See Obfuscate  Obfuscation.
Oft,Often; frequently; not rarely; many times.
Often,Frequently; many times; not seldom.
Oftenness,Frequency.
Oftensith,Frequently; often.
Oftentide,Frequently; often.
Oftentimes,Frequently; often; many times.
Ofter,Compar. of Oft.
Ofttimes,Frequently; often.
Ogam,Same as Ogham.
Ogdoad,A thing made up of eight parts.
Ogdoastich,A poem of eight lines.
Ogganition,Snarling; grumbling.
Ogive,The arch or rib which crosses a Gothic vault diagonally.
Ogled,of Ogle
Ogling,of Ogle
Ogler,One who ogles.
Oglio,See Olio.
Ogress,A female ogre.
Ogreism,Alt. of Ogrism
Ogrism,The character or manners of an ogre.
Oho,An exclamation of surprise  etc.
Oiled,of Oil
Oiling,of Oil
Oilbird,See Guacharo.
Oiler,One who deals in oils.
Oiliness,The quality of being oily.
Oilmen,of Oilman
Oilnut,The buffalo nut. See Buffalo nut  under Buffalo.
Oilskin,Cloth made waterproof by oil.
Oinement,Ointment.
Oinomania,See oenomania.
Ointed,of Oint
Ointing,of Oint
Oint,To anoint.
Ojibways,Same as Chippeways.
Ojo,A spring  surrounded by rushes or rank grass; an oasis.
Oke,A Turkish and Egyptian weight  equal to about 2/ pounds.
Oker,See Ocher.
Old,Open country.
Olden,Old; ancient; as  the olden time.
Old-gentlemanly,Pertaining to an old gentleman  or like one.
Oldish,Somewhat old.
Old lang syne,See Auld lang syne.
Old-maidish,Like an old maid; prim; precise; particular.
Old-maidism,The condition or characteristics of an old maid.
Oldness,The state or quality of being old; old age.
Oldster,An old person.
Old-womanish,Like an old woman; anile.
Olea,A genus of trees including the olive.
Oleaginous,Having the nature or qualities of oil; oily; unctuous.
Oleaginousness,Oiliness.
Oleamen,A soft ointment prepared from oil.
Oleandrine,One of several alkaloids found in the leaves of the oleander.
Oleaster,The wild olive tree (Olea Europea  var. sylvestris).
Olecranal,Of or pertaining to the olecranon.
Oleiferous,Producing oil; as  oleiferous seeds.
Olent,Scented.
Oleoptene,See Eleoptene.
Oleoresin,A natural mixture of a terebinthinate oil and a resin.
Oleose,Alt. of Oleous
Oleous,Oily.
Oleosity,The state or quality of being oily or fat; fatness.
Olf,The European bullfinch.
Olfactive,See Olfactory  a.
Olfactor,A smelling organ; a nose.
Olfactories,of Olfactory
Oliban,See Olibanum.
Olid,Alt. of Olidous
Olidous,Having a strong  disagreeable smell; fetid.
Olifant,An elephant.
Oligandrous,Having few stamens.
Oliganthous,Having few flowers.
Oligarchal,Oligarchic.
Oligarchic,Alt. of Oligarchical
Oligarchical,Of or pertaining to oligarchy  or government by a few.
Oligarchist,An advocate or supporter of oligarchy.
Oligarchies,of Oligarchy
Oligistic,Of or pertaining to hematite.
Oligo-,A combining form from Gr. /  few little small.
Oligochete,Of or pertaining to the Oligochaeta.
Oligoclase,A triclinic soda-lime feldspar. See Feldspar.
Oligopetalous,Having few petals.
Oligosepalous,Having few sepals.
Oligospermous,Having few seeds.
Oligotokous,Producing few young.
Olio,A dish of stewed meat of different kinds.
Olivaceous,Resembling the olive; of the color of the olive; olive-green.
Olivary,Like an olive.
Olivaster,Of the color of the olive; tawny.
Olived,Decorated or furnished with olive trees.
Oliver,An olive grove.
Oliverian,An adherent of Oliver Cromwell.
Olivewood,The wood of the olive.
Olivite,See Olivin.
Olympian,Alt. of Olympic
Olympionic,An ode in honor of a victor in the Olympic games.
Omagra,Gout in the shoulder.
Omber,Alt. of Ombre
Ombrometer,An instrument for measuring the rain that falls; a rain gauge.
Omega,The last letter of the Greek alphabet. See Alpha.
Omegoid,Having the form of the Greek capital letter Omega (/).
Omened,of Omen
Omening,of Omen
Omental,Of or pertaining to an omentum or the omenta.
Omenta,of Omentum
Omer,A Hebrew measure  the tenth of an ephah. See Ephah.
Omiletical,Homiletical.
Ominate,To presage; to foreshow; to foretoken.
Omination,The act of ominating; presaging.
Omissible,Capable of being omitted; that may be omitted.
Omissive,Leaving out; omitting.
Omitted,of Omit
Omitting,of Omit
Omit,To let go; to leave unmentioned; not to insert or name; to drop.
Omitter,One who omits.
Ommateal,Of or pertaining to an ommateum.
Ommatea,of Ommateum
Ommateum,A compound eye  as of insects and crustaceans.
Ommatidia,of Ommatidium
Omnicorporeal,Comprehending or including all bodies; embracing all substance.
Omnifarious,Of all varieties  forms or kinds.
Omniferous,All-bearing; producing all kinds.
Omnific,All-creating.
Omniform,Having every form or shape.
Omniformity,The condition or quality of having every form.
Omnify,To render universal; to enlarge.
Omnigenous,Consisting of all kinds.
Omnigraph,A pantograph.
Omniparient,Producing or bringing forth all things; all-producing.
Omniparity,Equality in every part; general equality.
Omniparous,Producing all things; omniparient.
Omnipatient,Capable of enduring all things.
Omnipercipience,Alt. of Omnipercipiency
Omnipercipiency,Perception of everything.
Omnipercipient,Perceiving everything.
Omnipotence,Alt. of Omnipotency
Omnipotently,In an omnipotent manner.
Omnipresency,Omnipresence.
Omnipresential,Implying universal presence.
Omniprevalent,Prevalent everywhere or in all things.
Omnisciency,Omniscience.
Omniscious,All-knowing.
Omnispective,Beholding everything; capable of seeing all things; all-seeing.
Omnivagant,Wandering anywhere and everywhere.
Omoplate,The shoulder blade  or scapula.
Omosternal,Of or pertaining to the omosternum.
Omphalic,Of or pertaining to the umbilicus  or navel.
Omphalocele,A hernia at the navel.
Omphalomesaraic,Omphalomesenteric.
Omphalopter,Alt. of Omphaloptic
Omphaloptic,An optical glass that is convex on both sides.
Omphalos,The navel.
Omphalotomy,The operation of dividing the navel-string.
Omy,Mellow  as land.
Onagri,of Onager
Onagers,of Onager
Onagga,The dauw.
Onagraceous,Alt. of Onagrarieous
Onanism,Self-pollution; masturbation.
Ince,The ounce.
Onde,Hatred; fury; envy.
On dit,They say  or it is said.
Oneberry,The herb Paris. See Herb Paris  under Herb.
One-hand,Employing one hand; as  the one-hand alphabet. See Dactylology.
Oneirocritic,An interpreter of dreams.
Oneirocritical,Of or pertaining to the interpretation of dreams.
Oneirocriticism,Alt. of Oneirocritics
Oneirocritics,The art of interpreting dreams.
Oneiromancy,Divination by means of dreams.
Oneiroscopist,One who interprets dreams.
Oneiroscopy,The interpretation of dreams.
Oneliness,The state of being one or single.
Onely,See Only.
Onement,The state of being at one or reconciled.
Onerary,Fitted for  or carrying a burden.
Onerated,of Onerate
Onerating,of Onerate
Onerate,To load; to burden.
Oneration,The act of loading.
Onerous,Burdensome; oppressive.
Onerously,In an onerous manner.
Ones,Once.
Onethe,Scarcely. See Unnethe.
Onguent,An unguent.
On-hanger,A hanger-on.
Onirocritic,See Oneirocritic.
Onliness,The state of being alone.
Onloft,Aloft; above ground.
On-looker,A looker-on.
On-looking,Looking on or forward.
Onology,Foolish discourse.
Onomancy,Divination by the letters of a name; nomancy.
Onomantic,Alt. of Onomantical
Onomantical,Of or pertaining to onomancy.
Onomatechny,Prognostication by the letters of a name.
Onomatologist,One versed in the history of names.
Onomatology,The science of names or of their classification.
Onomatope,An imitative word; an onomatopoetic word.
Onomatopoeic,Onomatopoetic.
Onomatopy,Onomatopoeia.
Onomomancy,See Onomancy.
Onrush,A rushing onward.
Onstead,A single farmhouse; a steading.
Onto,On the top of; upon; on. See On to  under On prep.
Ontogenesis,Alt. of Ontogeny
Ontogenetic,Of or pertaining to ontogenesis; as  ontogenetic phenomena.
Ontogenic,Ontogenetic.
Ontologic,Ontological.
Ontological,Of or pertaining to ontology.
Ontologically,In an ontological manner.
Ontologist,One who is versed in or treats of ontology.
Onus,A burden; an obligation.
Onwardness,Progress; advancement.
Onwards,Onward.
Ony,Any.
Onychia,A whitlow.
Onychomancy,Divination by the nails.
Onychophora,Malacopoda.
Oo,One.
Ooecia,of Ooecium
Oogenesis,The development  or mode of origin of the ova.
Oogonia,of Oogonium
Oogoniums,of Oogonium
Ooidal,Shaped like an egg.
Ook,Oak.
Oolitic,Of or pertaining to oolite; composed of  or resembling oolite.
Oological,Of or pertaining to oology.
Oologist,One versed in oology.
Oomiac,Alt. of Oomiak
Oomiak,A long  broad boat used by the Eskimos.
Oon,One.
Oones,Once.
Oop,To bind with a thread or cord; to join; to unite.
Oopack,Alt. of Oopak
Oopak,A kind of black tea.
Oophorectomy,Ovariotomy.
Oophoric,Having the nature of  or belonging to an oophore.
Oophorida,of Oophoridium
Oophoridiums,of Oophoridium
Oophoritis,Ovaritis.
Oophytic,Of or pertaining to an oophyte.
Oosperm,The ovum  after fusion with the spermatozoon in impregnation.
Oosporangia,of Oosporangium
Oosporangiums,of Oosporangium
Oosporic,Of or pertaining to an oospore.
Oothecae,of Ootheca
Ootooid,Alt. of Ootocoid
Oozed,of Ooze
Oozing,of Ooze
Oozoa,Same as Acrita.
Opacate,To darken; to cloud.
Opacous,Opaque.
Opacular,Opaque.
Opake,See Opaque.
Opalesced,of Opalesce
Opalescing,of Opalesce
Opalesce,To give forth a play of colors  like the opal.
Opalized,of Opalize
Opalizing,of Opalize
Opalize,To convert into opal  or a substance like opal.
Opalotype,A picture taken on milky glass.
Opaqueness,The state or quality of being impervious to light; opacity.
Ope,Open.
Opened,of Open
Opening,of Open
Opener,One who  or that which opens.
Open-eyed,With eyes widely open; watchful; vigilant.
Open-handed,Generous; liberal; munificent.
Open-headed,Bareheaded.
Open-hearted,Candid; frank; generous.
Openly,In an open manner; publicly; not in private; without secrecy.
Open-mouthed,Having the mouth open; gaping; hence  greedy; clamorous.
Openness,The quality or state of being open.
Operable,Practicable.
Operance,Alt. of Operancy
Operancy,The act of operating or working; operation.
Operant,Operative.
Operated,of Operate
Operating,of Operate
Operatic,Alt. of Operatical
Operatively,In an operative manner.
Operator,One who  or that which operates or produces an effect.
Operatory,A laboratory.
Opercula,See Operculum.
Oparcular,Of  pertaining to or like an operculum.
Opercular,The principal opercular bone or operculum of fishes.
Operculate,Alt. of Operculated
Operculated,Closed by a lid or cover  as the capsules of the mosses.
Operculiferous,Bearing an operculum.
Operculiform,Having the form of a lid or cover.
Operculums,of Operculum
Operculum,The lid of a pitcherform leaf.
Operetta,A short  light musical drama.
Operose,Wrought with labor; requiring labor; hence  tedious; wearisome.
Operosity,Laboriousness.
Operous,Operose.
Opertaneous,Concealed; private.
Opetide,Open time; -- applied to different things
Ophidia,The order of reptiles which includes the serpents.
Ophidian,One of the Ophidia; a snake or serpent.
Ophidious,Ophidian.
Ophiolatry,The worship of serpents.
Ophiologic,Alt. of Ophiological
Ophiological,Of or pertaining to ophiology.
Ophiologist,One versed in the natural history of serpents.
Ophiomorphite,An ammonite.
Ophiomorphous,Having the form of a serpent.
Ophiophagous,Feeding on serpents; -- said of certain birds and reptiles.
Ophite,Of or pertaining to a serpent.
Ophiura,A genus of ophiurioid starfishes.
Ophiuran,Of or pertaining to the Ophiurioidea.
Ophiurid,Same as Ophiurioid.
Ophiurida,Same as Ophiurioidea.
Ophiurioid,Of or pertaining to the Ophiurioidea.
Ophiurioidea,Alt. of Ophiuroidea
Ophryon,The supraorbital point.
Ophthalmological,Of or pertaining to ophthalmology.
Ophthalmologist,One skilled in ophthalmology; an oculist.
Ophthalmy,Same as Ophthalmia.
Opianyl,Same as Meconin.
Opiated,Mixed with opiates.
Opie,Opium.
Opiferous,Bringing help.
Opifice,Workmanship.
Opificer,An artificer; a workman.
Opinable,Capable of being opined or thought.
Opination,The act of thinking; a supposition.
Opinative,Obstinate in holding opinions; opinionated.
Opinator,One fond of his own opinious; one who holds an opinion.
Opined,of Opine
Opining,of Opine
Opine,To have an opinion; to judge; to think; to suppose.
Opiner,One who opines.
Opiniaster,Alt. of Opiniatre
Opiniatre,Opinionated.
Opiniastrous,See Opiniaster. [Obs.].
Opinlate,To hold or maintain persistently.
Opiniated,Opinionated.
Opiniative,Opinionative.
Opiniator,Alt. of Opiniatre
Opiniatrety,Obstinacy in opinious.
Opinionate,Opinionated.
Opinionately,Conceitedly.
Opinionatist,An opinionist.
Opinionative,Unduly attached to one's own opinions; opinionated.
Opinionator,An opinionated person; one given to conjecture.
Opinioned,Opinionated; conceited.
Opiparous,Sumptuous.
Opisthobranchia,Alt. of Opisthobranchiata
Opisthobranchiate,Of or pertaining to the Opisthobranchiata.
Opisthocoelian,Alt. of Opisthocoelous
Opitulation,The act of helping or aiding; help.
Opium,The inspissated juice of the Papaver somniferum  or white poppy.
Ople tree,The witch-hazel.
Opobalsam,Alt. of Opobalsamum
Oppidan,Of or pertaining to a town.
Oppignerate,To pledge; to pawn.
Oppilated,of Oppilate
Oppilating,of Oppilate
Oppilate,To crowd together; to fill with obstructions; to block up.
Oppilative,Obstructive.
Opplete,Alt. of Oppleted
Oppleted,Filled; crowded.
Oppone,To oppose.
Opportune,Convenient; ready; hence  seasonable; timely.
Opportunist,One who advocates or practices opportunism.
Opportunities,of Opportunity
Opposability,The condition or quality of being opposable.
Opposable,Capable of being opposed or resisted.
Opposal,Opposition.
Opposed,of Oppose
Opposing,of Oppose
Opposeless,Not to be effectually opposed; irresistible.
Opposer,One who opposes; an opponent; an antagonist; an adversary.
Oppositeness,The quality or state of being opposite.
Oppositionist,One who belongs to the opposition party.
Oppositipetalous,Placed in front of a petal.
Oppositisepalous,Placed in front of a sepal.
Oppositive,Capable of being put in opposition.
Oppressed,of Oppress
Oppressing,of Oppress
Oppression,The act of oppressing  or state of being oppressed.
Oppressure,Oppression.
Opprobry,Opprobrium.
Oppugned,of Oppugn
Oppugning,of Oppugn
Oppugnancy,The act of oppugning; opposition; resistance.
Oppugnant,Tending to awaken hostility; hostile; opposing; warring.
Oppugnation,Opposition.
Oppugner,One who opposes or attacks; that which opposes.
Opsimathy,Education late in life.
Opsonation,A catering; a buying of provisions.
Optable,That may be chosen; desirable.
Optate,To choose; to wish for; to desire.
Optation,The act of optating; a wish.
Optative,Expressing desire or wish.
Optatively,In an optative manner; with the expression of desire.
Optic,The organ of sight; an eye.
Optical,Of or pertaining to vision or sight.
Optically,By optics or sight; with reference to optics.
Optician,One skilled in optics.
Optimacy,Government by the nobility.
Optimate,Of or pertaining to the nobility or aristocracy.
Optimity,The state of being best.
Optionally,In an optional manner.
Optocoele,Alt. of Optocoelia
Opulence,Wealth; riches; affluence.
Opulency,See Opulence.
Opuntia,A genus of cactaceous plants; the prickly pear  or Indian fig.
Opus,A work; specif. (Mus.)  a musical composition.
Opuscle,Alt. of Opuscule
Opuscule,A small or petty work.
Opuscula,of Opusculum
Opusculum,An opuscule.
Opye,Opium.
Orabassu,A South American monkey of the genus Callithrix  esp.
Orach,Alt. of Orache
Oracled,of Oracle
Oracling,of Oracle
Oraculous,Oracular; of the nature of an oracle.
Oragious,Stormy.
Oraison,See Orison.
Orally,In an oral manner.
Orang,See Orang-outang.
Orangeat,Candied orange peel; also  orangeade.
Orangery,A place for raising oranges; a plantation of orange trees.
Orangetawny,Deep orange-yellow; dark yellow.
Orarian,Of or pertaining to a coast.
Oratorial,Oratorical.
Oratorian,Oratorical.
Oratorious,Oratorical.
Oratorize,To play the orator.
Oratories,of Oratory
Oratress,A woman who makes public addresses.
Oratrix,A woman plaintiff  or complainant in equity pleading.
Orb,A blank window or panel.
Orbed,of Orb
Orbing,of Orb
Orbate,Bereaved; fatherless; childless.
Orbic,Alt. of Orbical
Orbical,Spherical; orbicular; orblike; circular.
Orbicle,A small orb  or sphere.
Orbicula,Same as Discina.
Orbiculation,The state or quality of being orbiculate; orbicularness.
Orbital,Of or pertaining to an orbit.
Orbitar,Orbital.
Orbitary,Situated around the orbit; as  the orbitary feathers of a bird.
Orbitosphenoidal,Of or pertaining to the orbitosphenoid bone; orbitosphenoid.
Orbituary,Orbital.
Orbitude,Alt. of Orbity
Orbity,Orbation.
Orbulina,A genus of minute living Foraminifera having a globular shell.
Orby,Orblike; having the course of an orb; revolving.
Orc,The grampus.
Orcadian,Of or pertaining to the Orkney Islands.
Orchal,See Archil.
Orchanet,Same as Alkanet  2.
Orchard,A garden.
Orcharding,The cultivation of orchards.
Orchardist,One who cultivates an orchard.
Orchel,Archil.
Orchesography,A treatise upon dancing.
Orchester,See Orchestra.
Orchestre,See Orchestra.
Orchestric,Orchestral.
Orchestrion,A large music box imitating a variety of orchestral instruments.
Orchid,Any plant of the order Orchidaceae. See Orchidaceous.
Orchidean,Orchidaceous.
Orchideous,Same as Orchidaceous.
Orchidologist,One versed in orchidology.
Orchidology,The branch of botany which treats of orchids.
Orchil,See Archil.
Orchilla weed,The lichen from which archil is obtained. See Archil.
Orchises,of Orchis
Orchitis,Inflammation of the testicles.
Ord,An edge or point; also  a beginning.
Ordained,of Ordain
Ordaining,of Ordain
Ordainable,Capable of being ordained; worthy to be ordained or appointed.
Ordainer,One who ordains.
Ordainment,Ordination.
Ordal,Ordeal.
Ordalian,Of or pertaining to trial by ordeal.
Ordered,of Order
Ordering,of Order
Orderable,Capable of being ordered; tractable.
Orderer,One who puts in order  arranges methodizes or regulates.
Orderless,Being without order or regularity; disorderly; out of rule.
Orderliness,The state or quality of being orderly.
Orderlies,of Orderly
Ordinability,Capability of being ordained or appointed.
Ordinable,Capable of being ordained or appointed.
Ordinalism,The state or quality of being ordinal.
Ordinance,Orderly arrangement; preparation; provision.
Ordinand,One about to be ordained.
Ordinant,Ordaining; decreeing.
Ordinary,According to established order; methodical; settled; regular.
Ordinaries,of Ordinary
Ordinaryship,The state of being an ordinary.
Ordinate,Well-ordered; orderly; regular; methodical.
Ordinately,In an ordinate manner; orderly.
Ordinative,Tending to ordain; directing; giving order.
Ordinator,One who ordains or establishes; a director.
Ordonnant,Of or pertaining to ordonnance.
Ordovian,Ordovician.
Ordure,Dung; excrement; faeces.
Ordurous,Of or pertaining to ordure; filthy.
Ore,Honor; grace; favor; mercy; clemency; happy augry.
Oread,One of the nymphs of mountains and grottoes.
Oreades,A group of butterflies which includes the satyrs. See Satyr  2.
Oreide,See Oroide.
Oreodont,Resembling  or allied to the genus Oreodon.
Oreographic,Of or pertaining to oreography.
Oreography,The science of mountains; orography.
Oreweed,Same as Oarweed.
Orewood,Same as Oarweed.
Orf,Alt. of Orfe
Orfe,A bright-colored domesticated variety of the id. See Id.
Orfgild,Restitution for cattle; a penalty for taking away cattle.
Orfray,The osprey.
Orfrays,See Orphrey. [Obs.] Rom. of R.
Orgal,See Argol.
Organdie,Alt. of Organdy
Organdy,A kind of transparent light muslin.
Organical,Organic.
Organicalness,The quality or state of being organic.
Organism,Organic structure; organization.
Organist,One who plays on the organ.
Organity,Organism.
Organizability,Quality of being organizable; capability of being organized.
Organized,of Organize
Organizing,of Organize
Organizer,One who organizes.
Organling,A large kind of sea fish; the orgeis.
Organogenesis,The origin and development of organs in animals and plants.
Organogenic,Of or pertaining to organogenesis.
Organogeny,Organogenesis.
Organographic,Alt. of Organographical
Organographical,Of or pertaining to organography.
Organographist,One versed in organography.
Organography,A description of the organs of animals or plants.
Organological,Of or relating to organology.
Organometallic,Metalorganic.
Organon,Alt. of Organum
Organonymy,The designation or nomenclature of organs.
Organophyly,The tribal history of organs  -- a branch of morphophyly.
Organoscopy,Phrenology.
Organy,See Origan.
Orgeis,See Organling.
Orgiastic,Pertaining to  or of the nature of orgies.
Orgillous,Proud; haughty.
Orgulous,See Orgillous.
Orgy,A frantic revel; drunken revelry. See Orgies
Oricalche,See Orichalch.
Oriel,A gallery for minstrels.
Oriency,Brightness or strength of color.
Orient,Rising  as the sun.
Orientalist,An inhabitant of the Eastern parts of the world; an Oriental.
Orientality,The quality or state of being oriental or eastern.
Orientalized,of Orientalize
Orientalizing,of Orientalize
Orientated,of Orientate
Orientating,of Orientate
Orientness,The quality or state of being orient or bright; splendor.
Oriflamb,Alt. of Oriflamme
Oriflamme,The ancient royal standard of France.
Origan,Alt. of Origanum
Origenist,A follower of Origen of Alexandria.
Origin,The first existence or beginning of anything; the birth.
Originable,Capable of being originated.
Originalist,One who is original.
Originality,The quality or state of being original.
Originalness,The quality of being original; originality.
Originant,Originating; original.
Originary,Causing existence; productive.
Originated,of Originate
Originating,of Originate
Originator,One who originates.
Oriol,See Oriel.
Orismological,Of or pertaining to orismology.
Orison,A prayer; a supplication.
Orisont,Horizon.
Ork,See Orc.
Orkneyan,Of or pertaining to the Orkney islands.
Orleans,A cloth made of worsted and cotton  -- used for wearing apparel.
Orlo,A wind instrument of music in use among the Spaniards.
Ormer,An abalone.
Orn,To ornament; to adorn.
Ornamented,of Ornament
Ornamenting,of Ornament
Ornamentally,By way of ornament.
Ornamentation,The act or art of ornamenting  or the state of being ornamented.
Ornamenter,One who ornaments; a decorator.
Ornate,Adorned; decorated; beautiful.
Ornately,In an ornate manner.
Ornateness,The quality of being ornate.
Ornature,Decoration; ornamentation.
Ornithic,Of or pertaining to birds; as  ornithic fossils.
Ornithichnite,The footmark of a bird occurring in strata of stone.
Ornithichnology,The branch of science which treats of ornithichnites.
Ornitho-,A combining form fr. Gr. /  / a bird.
Ornithodelphia,Same as Monotremata.
Ornithoidichnite,A fossil track resembling that of a bird.
Ornitholite,The fossil remains of a bird.
Ornithologic,Alt. of Ornithological
Ornithological,Of or pertaining to ornithology.
Ornithomancy,Divination by means of birds  their flight etc.
Ornithon,An aviary; a poultry house.
Ornithopappi,An extinct order of birds. It includes only the Archaeopteryx.
Ornithorhynchus,See Duck mole  under Duck.
Ornithosauria,An order of extinct flying reptiles; -- called also Pterosauria.
Ornithoscopy,Observation of birds and their habits.
Ornithotomical,Of or pertaining to ornithotomy.
Ornithotomist,One who is skilled in ornithotomy.
Ornithotomy,The anatomy or dissection of birds.
Orographic,Alt. of Orographical
Orographical,Of or pertaining to orography.
Orological,Of or pertaining to orology.
Orologist,One versed in orology.
Orology,The science or description of mountains.
Orotundity,The orotund mode of intonation.
Orphaline,See Orpheline.
Orphaned,of Orphan
Orphaning,of Orphan
Orphanage,The state of being an orphan; orphanhood; orphans  collectively.
Orphancy,Orphanhood.
Orphanet,A little orphan.
Orphanhood,The state or condition of being an orphan; orphanage.
Orphanism,Orphanhood.
Orphanotrophism,The care and support of orphans.
Orphanotrophy,A hospital for orphans.
Orpharion,An old instrument of the lute or cittern kind.
Orpheline,An orphan.
Orphic,Pertaining to Orpheus; Orphean; as  Orphic hymns.
Orrach,See Orach.
Orreries,of Orrery
Orsedew,Alt. of Orsedue
Orsedue,Leaf metal of bronze; Dutch metal. See under Dutch.
Orseille,See Archil.
Orts,of Ort
Orthite,A variety of allanite occurring in slender prismatic crystals.
Orthoceratite,An orthoceras; also  any fossil shell allied to Orthoceras.
Orthodome,See the Note under Dome  4.
Orthodoxal,Pertaining to  or evincing orthodoxy; orthodox.
Orthodoxality,Orthodoxness.
Orthodoxally,Orthodoxly.
Orthodoxastical,Orthodox.
Orthodoxical,Pertaining to  or evincing orthodoxy; orthodox.
Orthodoxly,In an orthodox manner; with soundness of faith.
Orthodoxness,The quality or state of being orthodox; orthodoxy.
Orthodromic,Of or pertaining to orthodromy.
Orthodromy,The act or art of sailing on a great circle.
Orthoepic,Alt. of Orthoepical
Orthoepical,Of or pertaining to orthoepy  or correct pronunciation.
Orthoepist,One who is skilled in orthoepy.
Orthognathic,Orthognathous.
Orthognathism,The quality or state of being orthognathous.
Orthogon,A rectangular figure.
Orthographer,One versed in orthography; one who spells words correctly.
Orthographic,Alt. of Orthographical
Orthographically,In an orthographical manner
Orthographist,One who spells words correctly; an orthographer.
Orthology,The right description of things.
Orthomorphic,Having the right form.
Orthopedic,Alt. of Orthopedical
Orthophony,The art of correct articulation; voice training.
Orthopn/a,Alt. of Orthopny
Orthopteran,One of the Orthoptera.
Orthopterous,Of or pertaining to the Orthoptera.
Orthostade,A chiton  or loose ungirded tunic falling in straight folds.
Orthostichies,of Orthostichy
Orthostichy,A longitudinal rank  or row of leaves along a stem.
Orthotomic,Cutting at right angles.
Orthotomous,Having two cleavages at right angles with one another.
Orthotomy,The property of cutting at right angles.
Orthotropal,Alt. of Orthotropous
Orthotropic,Having the longer axis vertical; -- said of erect stems.
Orval,A kind of sage (Salvia Horminum).
Orvet,The blindworm.
Oryal,Alt. of Oryall
Oryall,See Oriel.
Oryctere,The aard-vark.
Orycterope,Same as Oryctere.
Oryctognosy,Mineralogy.
Oryctography,Description of fossils.
Oryctological,Of or pertaining to oryctology.
Oryctologist,One versed in oryctology.
Oryctology,An old name for paleontology.
Oryza,A genus of grasses including the rice plant; rice.
Ossa,of Os
Os,A bone.
Osar,of Os
Osanne,Hosanna.
Oscillancy,The state of oscillating; a seesaw kind of motion.
Oscillated,of Oscillate
Oscillating,of Oscillate
Oscillative,Tending to oscillate; vibratory.
Oscillatoria,Same as Oscillaria.
Oscine,Relating to the Oscines.
Oscinian,One of the Oscines  or singing birds.
Oscinine,Of or pertaining to the Oscines.
Oscitancy,The act of gaping or yawning.
Oscitant,Yawning; gaping.
Oscitantly,In an oscitant manner.
Oscitate,To gape; to yawn.
Oscitation,The act of yawning or gaping.
Osculant,Kissing; hence  meeting; clinging.
Osculated,of Osculate
Osculating,of Osculate
Osculate,To kiss.
Osculation,The act of kissing; a kiss.
Osculatory,Of or pertaining to kissing; kissing.
Osculatrixes,of Osculatrix
Oscule,One of the excurrent apertures of sponges.
Oscula,of Osculum
Osculum,Same as Oscule.
Osiered,Covered or adorned with osiers; as  osiered banks.
Osiery,An osier bed.
Osmanlis,of Osmanli
Osmate,A salt of osmic acid.
Osmateria,of Osmaterium
Osmiamate,A salt of osmiamic acid.
Osmidrosis,The secretion of fetid sweat.
Osmite,A salt of osmious acid.
Osmometry,The study of osmose by means of the osmometer.
Osmosis,Osmose.
Osnaburg,A species of coarse linen  originally made in Osnaburg Germany.
Osphradia,of Osphradium
Osprey,Alt. of Ospray
Ospray,The fishhawk.
Oss,To prophesy; to presage.
Osse,A prophetic or ominous utterance.
Ossean,A fish having a bony skeleton; a teleost.
Osselet,A little bone.
Osseter,A species of sturgeon.
Ossiculated,Having small bones.
Ossicula,of Ossiculum
Ossiculum,Same as Ossicle.
Ossiferous,Containing or yielding bone.
Ossifrage,The lammergeir.
Ossifragous,Serving to break bones; bone-breaking.
Ossifying,of Ossify
Ossivorous,Feeding on bones; eating bones; as  ossivorous quadrupeds.
Osspringer,The osprey.
Ossuarium,A charnel house; an ossuary.
Ost,See Oast.
Osteal,Osseous.
Ostein,Ossein.
Osteitis,Inflammation of bone.
Osteler,Same as Hosteler.
Ostend,To exhibit; to manifest.
Ostensibility,The quality or state of being ostensible.
Ostensible,Capable of being shown; proper or intended to be shown.
Ostensibly,In an ostensible manner; avowedly; professedly; apparently.
Ostensive,Showing; exhibiting.
Ostensively,In an ostensive manner.
Ostensorium,Alt. of Ostensory
Ostensory,Same as Monstrance.
Ostent,Appearance; air; mien.
Ostentate,To make an ambitious display of; to show or exhibit boastingly.
Ostentator,One fond of display; a boaster.
Ostentive,Ostentatious.
Ostentous,Ostentatious.
Osteo-,A combining form of Gr. / a bone.
Osteoclasis,The operation of breaking a bone in order to correct deformity.
Osteoclast,A myeloplax.
Osteocolla,A kind of glue obtained from bones.
Osteocommata,of Osteocomma
Osteocommas,of Osteocomma
Osteocomma,A metamere of the vertebrate skeleton; an osteomere; a vertebra.
Osteocope,Pain in the bones; a violent fixed pain in any part of a bone.
Osteogenesis,Alt. of Osteogeny
Osteogeny,The formation or growth of bone.
Osteogenic,Osteogenetic.
Osteographer,An osteologist.
Osteography,The description of bones; osteology.
Osteoid,Resembling bone; bonelike.
Osteolite,A massive impure apatite  or calcium phosphate.
Osteologer,One versed in osteology; an osteologist.
Osteologic,Alt. of Osteological
Osteological,Of or pertaining to osteology.
Osteologist,One who is skilled in osteology; an osteologer.
Osteomata,of Osteoma
Osteoma,A tumor composed mainly of bone; a tumor of a bone.
Osteomanty,Divination by means of bones.
Osteomere,An osteocomma.
Osteoplast,An osteoblast.
Osteoplastic,Producing bone; as  osteoplastic cells.
Osteopterygious,Having bones in the fins  as certain fishes.
Osteosarcomata,of Osteosarcoma
Osteotome,Strong nippers or a chisel for dividing bone.
Osteotomist,One skilled in osteotomy.
Osteotomy,The dissection or anatomy of bones; osteology.
Osteozoa,Same as Vertebrata.
Ostiary,The mouth of a river; an estuary.
Ostiole,The exterior opening of a stomate. See Stomate.
Ostitis,See Osteitis.
Ostia,of Ostium
Ostium,An opening; a passage.
Ostler,See Hostler.
Ostleress,A female ostler.
Ostlery,See Hostelry.
Ostmen,East men; Danish settlers in Ireland  formerly so called.
Ostosis,Bone formation; ossification. See Ectostosis  and Endostosis.
Ostraciont,A fish of the genus Ostracion and allied genera.
Ostracite,A fossil oyster.
Ostracized,of Ostracize
Ostracizing,of Ostracize
Ostracoda,Ostracoidea.
Ostracodermi,A suborder of fishes of which Ostracion is the type.
Ostracoid,Of or pertaining to the Ostracoidea.
Ostrea,A genus of bivalve Mollusca which includes the true oysters.
Ostreaceous,Of or pertaining to an oyster  or to a shell; shelly.
Ostreaculture,The artificial cultivation of oysters.
Ostreophagist,One who feeds on oysters.
Ostriferous,Producing oysters; containing oysters.
Ostrogoth,One of the Eastern Goths. See Goth.
Ostrogothic,Of or pertaining to the Ostrogoths.
Otacoustic,Assisting the sense of hearing; as  an otacoustic instrument.
Otacousticon,An instrument to facilitate hearing  as an ear trumpet.
Otalgia,Pain in the ear; earache.
Otalgic,Of or pertaining to otalgia.
Otalgy,Pain in the ear; otalgia.
Otaries,of Otary
Otary,Any eared seal.
Othergates,In another manner.
Otherguise,Alt. of Otherguess
Otherguess,Of another kind or sort; in another way.
Otherways,See Otherwise.
Otherwhere,In or to some other place  or places; elsewhere.
Otherwhile,Alt. of Otherwhiles
Otherwhiles,At another time  or other times; sometimes; /ccasionally.
Othman,See Ottoman.
Otiose,Being at leisure or ease; unemployed; indolent; idle.
Otiosity,Leisure; indolence; idleness; ease.
Otis,A genus of birds including the bustards.
Otitis,Inflammation of the ear.
Otoconite,A mass of otoliths.
Otocranial,Of or pertaining to the otocrane.
Otography,A description of the ear.
Otolith,Alt. of Otolite
Otolithic,Alt. of Otolitic
Otolitic,Of or pertaining to otoliths.
Otological,Of or pertaining tootology.
Otologist,One skilled in otology; an aurist.
Otology,The branch of science which treats of the ear and its diseases.
Otopathy,A diseased condition of the ear.
Otorrh/a,A flow or running from the ear  esp. a purulent discharge.
Otoscope,An instrument for examining the condition of the ear.
Otoscopeic,Of or pertaining to the otoscope or to otoscopy.
Otoscopy,The examination of the ear; the art of using the otoscope.
Otosteal,An auditory ossicle.
Ottar,See Attar.
Otto,See Attar.
Ottoman,Of or pertaining to the Turks; as  the Ottoman power or empire.
Ottomans,of Ottoman
Ottomite,An Ottoman.
Ouanderoo,The wanderoo.
Ouarine,A Brazilian monkey of the genus Mycetes.
Oughne,Own.
Ought,See Aught.
Oughtness,The state of being as a thing ought to be; rightness.
Oughwhere,Anywhere; somewhere. See Owher.
Ouistiti,See Wistit.
Oul,An awl.
Oulachan,Same as Eulachon.
Ounded,Alt. of Oundy
Oundy,Wavy; waving/ curly.
Ounding,Waving.
Ouphe,A fairy; a goblin; an elf.
Ouphen,Elfish.
Ourang,The orang-outang.
Ourang-outang,See Orang-outang.
Ouranographist,See Uranographist.
Ouranography,See Uranography.
Ouretic,Uric.
Ourology,See Urology.
Ouroscopy,Ourology.
Ouse,See Ooze.
Oust,See Oast.
Ousted,of Oust
Ousting,of Oust
Ouster,A putting out of possession; dispossession; ejection; disseizin.
Outact,To do or beyond; to exceed in acting.
Outagamies,See lst Fox  7.
Outargue,To surpass or conquer in argument.
Outbabble,To utter foolishly or excessively; to surpass in babbling.
Outbalance,To outweight; to exceed in weight or effect.
Outbar,To bar out.
Outbeg,To surpass in begging.
Outbid,of Outbid
Outbade,of Outbid
Outbidden,of Outbid
Outbidding,of Outbid
Outbidder,One who outbids.
Outbleat,To surpass in bleating.
Outblown,Inflated with wind.
Outblush,To exceed in blushing; to surpass in rosy color.
Outborn,Foreign; not native.
Outbound,Outward bound.
Outbounds,The farthest or exterior bounds; extreme limits; boundaries.
Outbow,To excel in bowing.
Outbowed,Convex; curved outward.
Outbrag,To surpass in bragging; hence  to make appear inferior.
Outbray,To exceed in braying.
Outbrazen,To bear down with a brazen face; to surpass in impudence.
Outbreak,A bursting forth; eruption; insurrection.
Outbreaking,The act of breaking out.
Outbreast,To surpass in singing. See Breast  n. 6.
Outbreathe,To breathe forth.
Outbribe,To surpass in bribing.
Outbring,To bring or bear out.
Outbud,To sprout.
Outbuilt,of Outbuild
Outbuilded,of Outbuild
Outbuilding,of Outbuild
Outbuild,To exceed in building  or in durability of building.
Outburn,To exceed in burning.
Outburst,A bursting forth.
Outcant,To surpass in canting.
Outcast,Cast out; degraded.
Outcasting,That which is cast out.
Outcept,Except.
Outcheat,To exceed in cheating.
Outclimb,To climb bevond; to surpass in climbing.
Outcompass,To exceed the compass or limits of.
Outcourt,An outer or exterior court.
Outcrafty,To exceed in cunning.
Outcrier,One who cries out or proclaims; a herald or crier.
Outcrop,The coming out of a stratum to the surface of the ground.
Outdare,To surpass in daring; to overcome by courage; to brave.
Outdated,Being out of date; antiquated.
Outdazzle,To surpass in dazzing.
Outdid,of Outdo
Outdone,of Outdo
Outdoing,of Outdo
Outdo,To go beyond in performance; to excel; to surpass.
Outdoors,Abread; out of the house; out of doors.
Outdraw,To draw out; to extract.
Outdream,To pass  or escape while dreaming.
Outdrink,To exceed in drinking.
Outdure,To outlast.
Outdwell,To dwell or stay beyond.
Outdweller,One who holds land in a parish  but lives elsewhere.
Outerly,Utterly; entirely.
Outfaced,of Outface
Outfacing,of Outface
Outfawn,To exceed in fawning.
Outfeast,To exceed in feasting.
Outfeat,To surpass in feats.
Outfitter,One who furnishes outfits for a voyage  a journey or a business.
Outflatter,To exceed in flattering.
Outfling,A gibe; a contemptuous remark.
Outflow,A flowing out; efflux.
Outflew,of Outfly
Outflown,of Outfly
Outflying,of Outfly
Outfly,To surpass in flying; to fly beyond or faster than.
Outfool,To exceed in folly.
Outform,External appearance.
Outfrown,To frown down; to overbear by frowning.
Outgate,An outlet.
Outgeneraled,of Outgeneral
Outgeneralled,of Outgeneral
Outgeneraling,of Outgeneral
Outgeneralling,of Outgeneral
Outgive,To surpass in giving.
Outwent,of Outgo
Outgone,of Outgo
Outgoing,of Outgo
Outgo,To go beyond; to exceed in swiftness; to surpass; to outdo.
Outgoes,of Outgo
Outgoer,One who goes out or departs.
Outground,Ground situated at a distance from the house; outlying land.
Outgrew,of Outgrow
Outgrown,of Outgrow
Outgrowing,of Outgrow
Outgrow,To surpass in growing; to grow more than.
Outgush,A pouring out; an outburst.
Outhess,Outcry; alarm.
Outher,Other.
Outhire,To hire out.
Outjest,To surpass in jesting; to drive out  or away by jesting.
Outjet,That which jets out or projects from anything.
Outjuggle,To surpass in juggling.
Outknave,To surpass in knavery.
Outlabor,To surpass in laboring.
Outland,Foreign; outlandish.
Outlander,A foreigner.
Outlandish,Foreign; not native.
Outlast,To exceed in duration; to survive; to endure longer than.
Outlaugh,To surpass or outdo in laughing.
Outlawed,of Outlaw
Outlawing,of Outlaw
Outlawries,of Outlawry
Outlay,To lay out; to spread out; to display.
Outleap,To surpass in leaping.
Outlearn,To excel or surpass in learing.
Outlie,To exceed in lying.
Outlimb,An extreme member or part of a thing; a limb.
Outlined,of Outline
Outlining,of Outline
Outlinear,Of or pertaining to an outline; being in  or forming an outline.
Outlived,of Outlive
Outliving,of Outlive
Outlive,To live beyond  or longer than; to survive.
Outliver,One who outlives.
Outlook,To face down; to outstare.
Outloose,A loosing from; an escape; an outlet; an evasion.
Outlope,An excursion.
Outluster,Alt. of Outlustre
Outlustre,To excel in brightness or luster.
Outmaneuver,Alt. of Outmanoeuvre
Outmantle,To excel in mantling; hence  to excel in splendor as of dress.
Outmeasure,To exceed in measure or extent; to measure more than.
Outmount,To mount above.
Outname,To exceed in naming or describing.
Outness,The state of being out or beyond; separateness.
Outnoise,To exceed in noise; to surpass in noisiness.
Outnumber,To exceed in number.
Out-of-the-way,See under Out  adv.
Outpace,To outgo; to move faster than; to leave behind.
Outparamour,To exceed in the number of mistresses.
Outpart,An outlying part.
Outpass,To pass beyond; to exceed in progress.
Outpassion,To exceed in passion.
Outpeer,To excel.
Outpoise,To outweigh.
Outpour,To pour out.
Outpower,To excel in power; to overpover.
Outpray,To exceed or excel in prayer.
Outpreach,To surpass in preaching.
Outprize,To prize beyong value  or in excess; to exceed in value.
Outquench,To quench entirely; to extinguish.
Outrage,To rage in excess of.
Outragen,of Outrage
Outraging,of Outrage
Outrance,The utmost or last extremity.
Outrank,To exceed in rank; hence  to take precedence of.
Outray,To outshine.
Outraye,See Outrage  v. i.
Outraze,To obliterate.
Outre,Being out of the common course or limits; extravagant; bizarre.
Outreach,To reach beyond.
Outreason,To excel or surpass in reasoning; to reason better than.
Outreckon,To exceed in reckoning or computation.
Outrecuidance,Excessive presumption.
Outrede,To surpass in giving rede  or counsel.
Outride,To surpass in speed of riding; to ride beyond or faster than.
Outrider,A summoner whose office is to cite men before the sheriff.
Outright,Immediately; without delay; at once; as  he was killed outright.
Outring,To excel in volume of ringing sound; to ring louder than.
Outrival,To surpass in a rivalry.
Outrive,To river; to sever.
Outroad,Alt. of Outrode
Outrode,An excursion.
Outroar,To exceed in roaring.
Outromance,To exceed in romantic character.
Outroom,An outer room.
Outroot,To eradicate; to extirpate.
Outran,of Outrun
Outrun,of Outrun
Outrunning,of Outrun
Outrunner,An offshoot; a branch.
Outrush,To rush out; to issue  or ru/ out forcibly.
Outsail,To excel  or to leave behind in sailing; to sail faster than.
Outscent,To exceed in odor.
Outscold,To exceed in scolding.
Outscorn,To confront  or subdue with greater scorn.
Outscouring,That which is scoured out o/ washed out.
Outscout,To overpower by disdain; to outface.
Outsell,To exceed in amount of sales; to sell more than.
Outset,A setting out  starting or beginning.
Outsettler,One who settles at a distance  or away from others.
Outshine,To shine forth.
Outshoot,To exceed or excel in shooting; to shoot beyond.
Outshut,To shut out.
Outsing,To surpass in singing.
Outsleep,To exceed in sleeping.
Outslide,To slide outward  onward or forward; to advance by sliding.
Outsoar,To soar beyond or above.
Outsole,The outside sole of a boot or shoe.
Outsound,To surpass in sounding.
Outspan,To unyoke or disengage  as oxen from a wagon.
Outsparkle,To exceed in sparkling.
Outspeak,To exceed in speaking.
Outspeed,To excel in speed.
Outspend,Outlay; expenditure.
Outspin,To spin out; to finish.
Outsport,To exceed in sporting.
Outspread,To spread out; to expand; -- usually as a past part. / adj.
Outspring,To spring out; to issue.
Outstare,To excel or overcome in staring; to face down.
Outstart,To start out or up.
Outstay,To stay beyond or longer than.
Outstep,To exceed in stepping.
Outstorm,To exceed in storming.
Outstreet,A street remote from the center of a town.
Outstretch,To stretch out.
Outstride,To surpass in striding.
Outstrike,To strike out; to strike faster than.
Outstripped,of Outstrip
Outstripping,of Outstrip
Outsuffer,To exceed in suffering.
Outswear,To exceed in swearing.
Outsweeten,To surpass in sweetness.
Outswell,To exceed in swelling.
Outtake,Except.
Outtaken,or prep. Excepted; save.
Outtalk,To overpower by talking; to exceed in talking; to talk down.
Outtell,To surpass in telling  counting or reckoning.
Outthrow,To throw out.
Outtoil,To exceed in toiling.
Outtongue,To silence by talk  clamor or noise.
Outtop,To overtop.
Outtravel,To exceed in speed o/ distance traveled.
Outtwine,To disentangle.
Outvalue,To exceed in value.
Outvenom,To exceed in venom.
Outvie,To exceed in vying.
Outvillain,To exceed in villainy.
Outvoice,To exceed in noise.
Outvote,To exceed in the number of votes given; to defeat by votes.
Outwalk,To excel in walking; to leave behind in walking.
Outwall,The exterior wall; the outside surface  or appearance.
Outward,Alt. of Outwards
Outwatch,To exceed in watching.
Outway,A way out; exit.
Outwear,To wear out; to consume or destroy by wearing.
Outweary,To weary out.
Outweed,To weed out.
Outweep,To exceed in weeping.
Outweigh,To exceed in weight or value.
Outwell,To pour out.
Outwhore,To exceed in lewdness.
Outwin,To win a way out of.
Outwind,To extricate by winding; to unloose.
Outwing,To surpass  exceed or outstrip in flying.
Outwoe,To exceed in woe.
Outwork,To exceed in working; to work more or faster than.
Outworth,To exceed in worth.
Outwrest,To extort; to draw from or forth by violence.
Outwrite,To exceed or excel in writing.
Outzany,To exceed in buffoonery.
Ouvarovite,Chrome garnet.
Ouze,See Ooze.
Ouzel,Same as Ousel.
Ova,See Ovum.
Ovalbumin,Alt. of Ovalbumen
Ovally,In an oval form.
Ovant,Exultant.
Ovarian,Alt. of Ovarial
Ovarial,Of or pertaining to an ovary.
Ovariotomist,One who performs  or is skilled in ovariotomy.
Ovarious,Consisting of eggs; as  ovarious food.
Ovaritis,Inflammation of the ovaries.
Ovaria,of Ovarium
Ovariums,of Ovarium
Ovarium,An ovary. See Ovary.
Ovaries,of Ovary
Ovate,Shaped like an egg  with the lower extremity broadest.
Ovate-cylindraceous,Having a form intermediate between ovate and cylindraceous.
Ovated,Ovate.
Ovate-lanceolate,Having a form intermediate between ovate and lanceolate.
Ovate-oblong,Oblong. with one end narrower than the other; ovato-oblong.
Ovate-subulate,Having an ovate form  but with a subulate tip or extremity.
Ovato-acuminate,Same as Ovate-acuminate.
Ovato-cylindraceous,Same as Ovate-cylindraceous.
Ovato-oblong,Same as Ovate-oblong.
Ovato-rotundate,Same as Ovate-rotundate.
Overabound,To be exceedingly plenty or superabundant.
Overaction,Per/ormance to excess; exaggerated or excessive action.
Overaffect,To affect or care for unduly.
Overagitate,To agitate or discuss beyond what is expedient.
Overall,Everywhere.
Overanxiety,The state of being overanxious; excessive anxiety.
Overanxious,Anxious in an excessive or needless degree.
Overarch,To make or place an arch over; to hang over like an arch.
Overawed,of Overawe
Overawing,of Overawe
Overawful,Awful  or reverential in an excessive degree.
Overbalance,To exceed equality with; to outweigh.
Overbarren,Excessively barren.
Overbattle,Excessively fertile; bearing rank or noxious growths.
Overbearing,Overpowering; subduing; repressing.
Overbend,To bend to excess.
Overbid,To bid or offer beyond  or in excess of.
Overbide,To outlive.
Overblow,To blow over  or be subdued.
Overboil,To boil over or unduly.
Overbold,Excessively or presumptuously bold; impudent.
Overbookish,Excessively bookish.
Overbounteous,Bounteous to excess.
Overbow,To bend or bow over; to bend in a contrary direction.
Overbreed,To breed to excess.
Overbrim,To flow over the brim; to be so full as to overflow.
Overbrow,To hang over like a brow; to impend over.
Overbuild,To build over.
Overbuilt,Having too many buildings; as  an overbuilt part of a town.
Overbulk,To oppress by bulk; to overtower.
Overburden,To load with too great weight or too much care  etc.
Overburdensome,Too burdensome.
Overburn,To burn too much; to be overzealous.
Over-busy,Too busy; officious.
Overbuy,To buy too much.
Overcanopy,To cover as with a canopy.
Overcapable,Too capable.
Overcare,Excessive care.
Overcareful,Too careful.
Overcarking,Too anxious; too full of care.
Overcarry,To carry too far; to carry beyond the proper point.
Overcast,To cast or cover over; hence  to cloud; to darken.
Overcatch,To overtake.
Overcautious,Too cautious; cautious or prudent to excess.
Overchange,Too much or too frequent change; fickleness.
Overcharge,To charge or load too heavily; to burden; to oppress; to cloy.
Overclimb,To climb over.
Overcloud,To cover or overspread with clouds; to becloud; to overcast.
Overcloy,To fill beyond satiety.
Overcoat,A coat worn over the other clothing; a greatcoat; a topcoat.
Overcold,Cold to excess.
Overcolor,To color too highly.
Overcame,of Overcome
Overcome,of Overcome
Overcoming,of Overcome
Overcomer,One who overcomes.
Overconfidence,Excessive confidence; too great reliance or trust.
Overconfident,Confident to excess.
Overcostly,Too costly.
Overcount,To rate too high; to outnumber.
Overcover,To cover up.
Overcredulous,Too credulous.
Overcrow,To crow  exult or boast over; to overpower.
Overcrowd,To crowd too much.
Overcunning,Exceedingly or excessively cunning.
Overcurious,Too curious.
Overdare,To dare too much or rashly; to be too daring.
Overdate,To date later than the true or proper period.
Overdeal,The excess.
Overdelicate,Too delicate.
Overdelighted,Delighted beyond measure.
Overdight,Covered over.
Overdid,of Overdo
Overdone,of Overdo
Overdoing,of Overdo
Overdoer,One who overdoes.
Overdose,To dose to excess; to give an overdose  or too many doses to.
Overdrew,of Overdraw
Overdrawn,of Overdraw
Overdrawing,of Overdraw
Overdraw,To exaggerate; to overdo.
Overdress,To dress or adorn to excess; to dress too much.
Overdrink,To drink to excess.
Overdtive,To drive too hard  or far or beyond strength.
Overdrown,To wet or drench to excess.
Overdry,To dry too much.
Overdye,To dye with excess of color; to put one color over (another).
Overeager,Too eager; too impatient.
Overearnest,Too earnest.
Overeat,To gnaw all over  or on all sides.
Overelegant,Too elegant.
Overempty,To make too empty; to exhaust.
Overest,Uppermost; outermost.
Overestimate,To estimate too highly; to overvalue.
Overexcite,To excite too much.
Overexcitement,Excess of excitement; the state of being overexcited.
Overexert,To exert too much.
Overexertion,Excessive exertion.
Overexquisite,Too exquisite; too exact or nice; too careful.
Overeye,To superintend; to oversee; to inspect.
Overfall,A cataract; a waterfall.
Overfatigue,Excessive fatigue.
Overfed,of Overfeed
Overfeeding,of Overfeed
Overfeed,To feed to excess; to surfeit.
Overfierce,Excessively fierce.
overfill,To fill to excess; to surcharge.
Overfish,To fish to excess.
Overfloat,To overflow.
Overflourish,To make excessive display or flourish of.
Overflowed,of Overflow
Overflowing,of Overflow
Overflowingly,In great abundance; exuberantly.
Overflush,To flush to excess.
Overflutter,To flutter over.
Overflux,Overflow; exuberance.
Overflew,of Overfly
Overflown,of Overfly
Overflying,of Overfly
Overfly,To cross or pass over by flight.
Overfond,Fond to excess.
Overforce,Excessive force; violence.
Overforward,Forward to excess; too forward.
Overfree,Free to excess; too liberal; too familiar.
Overfreighted,of Overfreight
Overfraught,of Overfreight
Overfreighting,of Overfreight
Overfrequent,Too frequent.
Overfrieze,To cover with a frieze  or as with a frieze.
Overfront,To confront; to oppose; to withstand.
Overfruitful,Too fruitful.
Overfull,Too full; filled to overflowing; excessively full; surfeited.
Over-garment,An outer garment.
Overgarrison,To garrison to excess.
Overgaze,To gaze; to overlook.
Overget,To reach; to overtake; to pass.
Overgild,To gild over; to varnish.
Overgird,To gird too closely.
Overgive,To give over; to surrender; to yield.
Overglad,Excessively or unduly glad.
Overglance,To glance over.
Overglide,To glide over.
Overgloom,To spread gloom over; to make gloomy; to overshadow.
Overwent,of Overgo
Overgone,of Overgo
Overgoing,of Overgo
Overgo,To travel over.
Overgorge,To gorge to excess.
Overgrace,To grace or honor exceedingly or beyond desert.
Overgrassed,Overstocked  or overgrown or covered with grass.
Overgreat,Too great.
Overgreatness,Excessive greatness.
Overgreedy,Excessively greedy.
Overgross,Too gross.
Overgrew,of Overgrow
Overgrown,of Overgrow
Overgrowing,of Overgrow
Overgrowth,Excessive growth.
Overhall,See Overhaul.
Overhale,See Overhaul.
Overhand,The upper hand; advantage; superiority; mastery.
Overhandle,To handle  or use too much; to mention too often.
Overhung,of Overhang
Overhanging,of Overhang
Overhang,To impend or hang over.
Overhappy,Exceedingly happy.
Overharden,To harden too much; to make too hard.
Overhardy,Too hardy; overbold.
Overhaste,Too great haste.
Overhasty,Too hasty; precipitate; rash.
Overhauled,of Overhaul
Overhauling,of Overhaul
Overheard,of Overhear
Overhearing,of Overhear
Overheat,To heat to excess; to superheat.
Overheavy,Excessively heavy.
Overhele,To hele or cover over.
Overhent,To overtake.
Overhigh,Too high.
Overhighly,Too highly; too greatly.
Overhipped,of Overhip
Overhipping,of Overhip
Overhold,To hold or value too highly; to estimate at too dear a rate.
Overinform,To inform  fill or animate excessively.
Overjealous,Excessively jealous; too jealous.
Overjoy,To make excessively joyful; to gratify extremely.
Overjump,To jump over; hence  to omit; to ignore.
Overknowing,Too knowing or too cunning.
Overlabored,of Overlabor
Overlaboring,of Overlabor
Overlabor,To cause to labor excessively; to overwork.
Overladed,of Overlade
Overladen,of Overlade
Overlading,of Overlade
Overlade,To load with too great a cargo; to overburden; to overload.
Overlanguaged,Employing too many words; diffuse.
Overlap,To lap over; to lap.
Overlarge,Too large; too great.
Overlargeness,Excess of size or bulk.
Overlashing,Excess; exaggeration.
Overlate,Too late; exceedingly late.
Overlave,To lave or bathe over.
Overlavish,Lavish to excess.
Overlaid,of Overlay
Overlaying,of Overlay
Overlayer,One who overlays; that with which anything is overlaid.
Overlead,To domineer over; to affront; to treat with indignity.
Overleap,To leap over or across; hence  to omit; to ignore.
Overlearned,Too learned.
Overleather,Upper leather.
Overleaven,To leaven too much; hence  to change excessively; to spoil.
Overliberal,Too liberal.
Overliberally,In an overliberal manner.
Overlick,To lick over.
Overlain,of Overlie
Overlying,of Overlie
Overlight,Too strong a light.
Overliness,The quality or state of being overly; carelessness.
Overlinger,To cause to linger; to detain too long.
Overlip,The upper lip.
Overlive,To outlive.
Overliver,A survivor.
Overloaded,of Overload
Overloading,of Overload
Overload,To load or fill to excess; to load too heavily.
Overlong,Too long.
Overlooked,of Overlook
Overlooking,of Overlook
Overlooker,One who overlooks.
Overloop,See Orlop.
Overlordship,Lordship or supremacy of a person or a people over others.
Overloud,Too loud; noisy.
Overlove,To love to excess.
Overluscious,Excessively luscious.
Overlusty,Too lusty  or lively.
Overly,Careless; negligent; inattentive; superfical; not thorough.
Overmagnify,To magnify too much.
Overmalapert,Excessively malapert or impudent.
Overmanner,In an excessive manner; excessively.
Overmarch,To march too far  or too much; to exhaust by marching.
Overmaster,To overpower; to subdue; to vanquish; to govern.
Overmatch,To be more than equal to or a match for; hence  to vanquish.
Overmeasure,To measure or estimate too largely.
Overmeddle,To meddle unduly.
Overmeddling,Excessive interference.
Overmellow,Too mellow; overripe.
Overmerit,Excessive merit.
Overmickle,Overmuch.
Overmix,To mix with too much.
Overmodest,Modest to excess; bashful.
Overmoist,Excessively moist.
Overmoisture,Excess of moisture.
Overmore,Beyond; moreover.
Overmorrow,The day after or following to-morrow.
Overmost,Over the rest in authority; above all others; highest.
Overmount,To mount over; to go higher than; to rise above.
Overmuch,Too much.
Overmuchness,The quality or state of being in excess; superabundance.
Overmultiply,To multiply or increase too much; to repeat too often.
Overmultitude,To outnumber.
Overname,To name over or in a series; to recount.
Overneat,Excessively neat.
Overnice,Excessively nice; fastidious.
Overnight,The fore part of the night last past; the previous evening.
Overnoise,To overpower by noise.
Overnumerous,Excessively numerous; too many.
Overoffice,To domineer over by virtue of office.
Overofficious,Too busy; too ready to intermeddle; too officious.
Overpaint,To color or describe too strongly.
Overpamper,To pamper excessively; to feed or dress too much.
Overpart,To give too important or difficult a part to.
Overpassed,of Overpass
Overpassing,of Overpass
Overpassionate,Passionate to excess.
Overpatient,Patient to excess.
Overpaid,of Overpay
Overpaying,of Overpay
Overpay,To pay too much to; to reward too highly.
Overpeer,To peer over; to rise above.
Overpeople,To people too densely.
Overperch,To perch upon; to fly over.
Overpersuade,To persuade or influence against one's inclination or judgment.
Overpester,To pester exceedingly or excessively.
Overpicture,To surpass nature in the picture or representation of.
Overplease,To please excessively.
Overply,To ply to excess; to exert with too much vigor; to overwork.
Overpoise,To outweigh; to overbalance.
Overpolish,To polish too much.
Overponderous,Too heavy.
Overpost,To post over; to pass over swiftly  as by post.
Overpotent,Too potent or powerful.
Overpowered,of Overpower
Overpowering,of Overpower
Overpraise,To praise excessively or unduly.
Overpraising,The act of praising unduly; excessive praise.
Overpress,To bear upon with irresistible force; to crush; to overwhelm.
Overpressure,Excessive pressure or urging.
Overprize,Toprize excessively; to overvalue.
Overproduction,Excessive production; supply beyond the demand.
Overprompt,Too prompt; too ready or eager; precipitate.
Overproportion,To make of too great proportion.
Overproud,Exceedingly or unduly proud.
Overprovident,Too provident.
Overprovoke,To provoke excessively.
Overquell,To quell or subdue completely.
Overquietness,Too much quietness.
Overraked,of Overrake
Overraking,of Overrake
Overrank,Too rank or luxuriant.
Overrated,of Overrate
Overrating,of Overrate
Overrate,To rate or value too highly.
Overreached,of Overreach
Overraught,of Overreach
Overreaching,of Overreach
Overreach,To reach above or beyond in any direction.
Overreacher,One who overreaches; one who cheats; a cheat.
Overread,To read over  or peruse.
Overready,Too ready.
Overreckon,To reckon too highly.
Overred,To smear with red.
Overrefine,To refine too much.
Overrefinement,Excessive refinement.
Overrent,To rent for too much.
Overrich,Exccessively rich.
Overrode,of Override
Overridden,of Override
Overrid,of Override
Overriding,of Override
Override,To ride over or across; to ride upon; to trample down.
Overrigged,Having too much rigging.
Overrighteous,Excessively righteous; -- usually implying hypocrisy.
Overrigid,Too rigid; too severe.
Overrigorous,Too rigorous; harsh.
Overripe,Matured to excess.
Overripen,To make too ripe.
Overroast,To roast too much.
Overruled,of Overrule
Overruling,of Overrule
Overrule,To rule over; to govern or determine by superior authority.
Overruler,One who  or that which controls governs or determines.
Overran,of Overrun
Overrun,of Overrun
Overrunning,of Overrun
Overrunner,One that overruns.
Oversaturate,To saturate to excess.
Oversay,To say over; to repeat.
Overscented,Scented excessively.
Overscrupulosity,Overscrupulousness.
Overscrupulous,Scrupulous to excess.
Oversea,Beyond the sea; foreign.
Overseas,Over the sea; abroad.
Oversearch,To search all over.
Overseason,To season too highly.
Oversaw,of Oversee
Overseen,of Oversee
Overseeing,of Oversee
Overseership,The office of an overseer.
Oversold,of Oversell
Overselling,of Oversell
Oversell,To sell for a higher price than; to exceed in selling price.
Overset,of Overset
Oversetting,of Overset
Overshade,To cover with shade; to render dark or gloomy; to overshadow.
Overshadowed,of Overshadow
Overshadowing,of Overshadow
Overshadow,To throw a shadow  or shade over; to darken; to obscure.
Overshadower,One that throws a shade  or shadow over anything.
Overshadowy,Overshadowing.
Overshake,To shake over or away; to drive away; to disperse.
Overshine,To shine over or upon; to illumine.
Overshot,of Overshoot
Overshooting,of Overshoot
Overshoot,To shoot over or beyond.
Oversight,Watchful care; superintendence; general supervision.
Oversize,To surpass in size.
Overskip,To skip or leap over; to treat with indifference.
Overskirt,An upper skirt  shorter than the dress and usually draped.
Overslaugh,A bar in a river; as  the overslaugh in the Hudson River.
Overslide,To slide over or by.
Overslop,An outer garment  or slop.
Overslow,To render slow; to check; to curb.
Oversmen,of Oversman
Oversman,An overseer; a superintendent.
Oversnow,To cover with snow  or as with snow.
Oversoon,Too soon.
Oversorrow,To grieve or afflict to excess.
Oversoul,The all-containing soul.
Oversow,To sow where something has already been sown.
Overspan,To reach or extend over.
Overspeak,To exceed in speaking; to speak too much; to use too many words.
Overspin,To spin out to too great length; to protract unduly.
Overspread,of Overspread
Overspreading,of Overspread
Overspring,To spring or leap over.
Overstare,To outstare.
Overstated,of Overstate
Overstating,of Overstate
Overstate,To state in too strong terms; to exaggerate.
Overstatement,An exaggerated statement or account.
Overstayed,of Overstay
Overstaid,of Overstay
Overstaying,of Overstay
Overstepped,of Overstep
Overstepping,of Overstep
Overstep,To step over or beyond; to transgress.
Overstock,Stock in excess.
Overstocked,of Overstock
Overstocking,of Overstock
Overstore,To overstock.
Over-story,The clearstory  or upper story of a building.
Overstrained,of Overstrain
Overstraining,of Overstrain
Overstrain,To strain one's self to excess.
Overstraitly,Too straitly or strictly.
Overstraw,To overstrew.
Overstrew,To strew or scatter over.
Overstrict,Excessively strict.
Overstride,To stride over or beyond.
Overstrike,To strike beyond.
Overstrow,See Overstrew.
Overstudious,Too studious.
Oversubtile,Excessively subtile.
Oversum,A sum or quantity over; surplus.
Oversupply,To supply in excess.
Oversure,Excessively sure.
Oversway,To bear sway over.
Overswell,To swell or rise above; to overflow.
Overt,Open to view; public; apparent; manifest.
Overtook,of Overtake
Overtaken,of Overtake
Overtaking,of Overtake
Overtalk,To talk to excess.
Overtask,To task too heavily.
Overtax,To tax or to task too heavily.
Overtedious,Too tedious.
Overtempt,To tempt exceedingly  or beyond the power of resistance.
Overthrew,of Overthrow
Overthrown,of Overthrow
Overthrowing,of Overthrow
Overthrow,To throw over; to overturn; to upset; to turn upside down.
Overthwartly,In an overthwart manner; across; also  perversely.
Overthwartness,The state of being overthwart; perverseness.
Overtilt,To tilt over; to overturn.
Overtime,Time beyond  or in excess of a limit; esp. extra working time.
Overtire,To tire to excess; to exhaust.
Overtitle,To give too high a title to.
Overtly,Publicly; openly.
Overtoil,To overwork.
Overtopped,of Overtop
Overtopping,of Overtop
Overtop,To rise above the top of; to exceed in height; to tower above.
Overtower,To tower over or above.
Overtread,To tread over or upon.
Overtrip,To trip over nimbly.
Overtroubled,Excessively troubled.
Overtrow,To be too trustful or confident; to trust too much.
Overtrust,Excessive confidence.
Overture,An opening or aperture; a recess; a recess; a chamber.
Overturned,of Overturn
Overturning,of Overturn
Overturnable,Capable of being  or liable to be overturned or subverted.
Overturner,One who overturns.
Overvail,See Overveil.
Overvaluation,Excessive valuation; overestimate.
Overvalued,of Overvalue
Overvaluing,of Overvalue
Overvalue,To value excessively; to rate at too high a price.
Overveil,To veil or cover.
Overview,An inspection or overlooking.
Overvote,To outvote; to outnumber in votes given.
Overwalk,To walk over or upon.
Overwar,To defeat.
Overwary,Too wary; too cautious.
Overwash,To overflow.
Overwasted,Wasted or worn out; /onsumed; spent
Overwatch,To watch too much.
Overwax,To wax or grow too rapindly or too much.
Overweak,Too weak; too feeble.
Overwear,To wear too much; to wear out.
Overweary,To weary too much; to tire out.
Overweather,To expose too long to the influence of the weather.
Overweener,One who overweens.
Overweening,Unduly confident; arrogant; presumptuous; conceited.
Overweigh,To exceed in weight; to overbalance; to weigh down.
Overweight,Weight over and above what is required by law or custom.
Overwell,To overflow.
Overwet,Excessive wetness.
Overwhelmed,of Overwhelm
Overwhelming,of Overwhelm
Overwing,To outflank.
Overwise,Too wise; affectedly wise.
Overwit,To outwit.
Overword,To say in too many words; to express verbosely.
Overworked,of Overwork
Overwrought,of Overwork
Overworking,of Overwork
Overworn,Worn out or subdued by toil; worn out so as to be trite.
Overwrest,To wrest or force from the natural or proper position.
Overwrestle,To subdue by wrestling.
Overzeal,Excess of zeal.
Overzealous,Too zealous.
Ovicapsule,The outer layer of a Graafian follicle.
Ovioular,Of or pertaining to an egg.
Ovicyst,The pouch in which incubation takes place in some Tunicata.
Oviducal,Of or pertaining to oviducts; as  oviducal glands.
Ovigerons,Bearing eggs; oviferous.
Ovile,See Ovine.
Ovine,Of or pertaining to sheep; consisting of sheep.
Oviparity,Generation by means of ova. See Generation.
Oviposited,of Oviposit
Ovipositing,of Oviposit
Oviposit,To lay or deposit eggs; -- said esp. of insects.
Oviposition,The depositing of eggs  esp. by insects.
Ovisac,A Graafian follicle; any sac containing an ovum or ova.
Ovist,Same as Ovulist.
Ovococci,of Ovococcus
Ovococcus,A germinal vesicle.
Ovoid,Alt. of Ovoidal
Ovolo,A round  convex molding. See Illust. of Column.
Ovoplasma,Yolk; egg yolk.
Ovular,Relating or belonging to an ovule; as  an ovular growth.
Ovulary,Pertaining to ovules.
Ovulate,Containing an ovule or ovules.
Ovuliferous,Producing ovules.
Ovulite,A fossil egg.
Ovula,of Ovulum
Ovulum,An ovule.
Ovums,of Ovum
Owch,See Ouch.
Owed,of Owe
Owing,of Owe
Owe,To possess; to have  as the rightful owner; to own.
Owel,Equal.
Owelty,Equality; -- sometimes written ovelty and ovealty.
Owen,Own.
Owher,Anywhere.
Owled,of Owl
Owling,of Owl
Owleries,of Owlery
Owlery,An abode or a haunt of owls.
Owl-eyed,Having eyes like an owl's.
Owlish,Resembling  or characteristic of an owl.
Owlism,Affected wisdom; pompous dullness.
Owllight,Glimmering or imperfect light.
Owned,of Own
Owning,of Own
Ownerless,Without an owner.
Owre,The aurochs.
Owse,Alt. of Owser
Owser,Tanner's ooze. See Ooze  3.
Oxen,of Ox
Oxacid,See Oxyacid.
Oxalate,A salt of oxalic acid.
Oxaldehyde,Same as Glyoxal.
Oxaline,See Glyoxaline.
Oxalite,A yellow mineral consisting of oxalate of iron.
Oxaluramide,Same as Oxalan.
Oxalurate,A salt of oxaluric acid.
Oxamate,A salt of oxamic acid.
Oxamethane,Ethyl oxamate  obtained as a white scaly crystalline powder.
Oxanilate,A salt of oxanilic acid.
Oxbird,The dunlin.
Oxbiter,The cow blackbird.
Oxeye,The oxeye daisy. See under Daisy.
Oxeyed,Having large  full eyes like those of an ox.
Oxfly,The gadfly of cattle.
Oxford,Of or pertaining to the city or university of Oxford  England.
Oxgang,See Bovate.
Oxgoad,A goad for driving oxen.
Oxheal,Same as Bear's-foot.
Oxheart,A large heart-shaped cherry  either black red or white.
Oxhide,The skin of an ox  or leather made from it.
Oxid,See Oxide.
Oxidability,Capability of being converted into an oxide.
Oxidable,Capable of being converted into an oxide.
Oxidated,of Oxidate
Oxidating,of Oxidate
Oxidate,To oxidize.
Oxidator,An oxidizer.
Oxidizable,Capable of being oxidized.
Oxidized,of Oxidize
Oxidizing,of Oxidize
Oxidizement,Oxidation.
Oxidulated,Existing in the state of a protoxide; -- said of an oxide.
Oxlike,Characteristic of  or like an ox.
Oxlip,The great cowslip (Primula veris  var. elatior).
Oxonate,A salt of oxonic acid.
Oxonian,Of or relating to the city or the university of Oxford  England.
Oxpecker,An African bird of the genus Buphaga; the beefeater.
Oxter,The armpit; also  the arm.
Oxy-,A prefix  also used adjectively
Oxyacetic,Hydroxyacetic; designating an acid called also glycolic acid.
Oxyammonia,Same as Hydroxylamine.
Oxybenzene,Hydroxy benzene. Same as Phenol.
Oxycaproic,See Leucic.
Oxycrate,A Mixture of water and vinegar.
Oxycymene,Hydroxy cymene. Same as Carvacrol.
Oxygenated,of Oxygenate
Oxygenating,of Oxygenate
Oxygenator,An oxidizer.
Oxygenium,The technical name of oxygen.
Oxygenizable,Oxidizable.
Oxygenized,of Oxygenize
Oxygenizing,of Oxygenize
Oxygenize,To oxidize.
Oxygenizement,Oxidation.
Oxygenous,Oxygenic.
Oxygon,A triangle having three acute angles.
Oxygonal,Alt. of Oxygonial
Oxygonial,Having acute angles.
OxYhaemacyanin,Alt. of Oxyhaemocyanin
Oxyhaemocyanin,See Haemacyanin.
Oxyhaemoglobin,Alt. of Oxyhemoglobin
Oxyhemoglobin,See Hemoglobin.
Oxymel,A mixture of honey  water vinegar and spice boiled to a sirup.
Oxymethylene,Formic aldehyde  regarded as a methylene derivative.
Oxymuriate,A salt of the supposed oxymuriatic acid; a chloride.
Oxyneurine,See Betaine.
Oxyopia,Alt. of Oxyopy
Oxyopy,Excessive acuteness of sight.
Oxyphony,Acuteness or shrillness of voice.
Oxyrhyncha,The maioid crabs.
Oxysalt,A salt of an oxyacid  as a sulphate.
Oxysulphide,A ternary compound of oxygen and sulphur.
Oxysulphuret,An oxysulphide.
Oxytocic,Promoting uterine contractions  or parturition.
Oxytonical,Oxytone.
Oylet,See Eyelet.
Oynoun,Onion.
Oystering,Gathering  or dredging for oysters.
Oysterling,A young oyster.
Ozonic,Pertaining to  resembling or containing ozone.
Ozonization,Ozonation.
Ozonized,of Ozonize
Ozonizing,of Ozonize
Ozonize,To convert into ozone  as oxygen.
Ozonometry,The measurement or determination of the quantity of ozone.
Ozonoscopic,Serving to indicate the presence or the amount of ozone.
Ozonous,Pertaining to or containing  ozone.
Pa,A shortened form of Papa.
Paage,A toll for passage over another person's grounds.
Paard,The zebra.
Paas,Pace
Pabular,Of  pertaining to or fit for pabulum or food; affording food.
Pabulation,The act of feeding  or providing food.
Pabulous,Affording pabulum  or food; alimental.
Pacable,Placable.
Pacane,A species of hickory. See Pecan.
Pacate,Appeased; pacified; tranquil.
Pacated,Pacified; pacate.
Pacation,The act of pacifying; a peacemaking.
Pace,A single movement from one foot to the other in walking; a step.
Paced,of Pace
Pacing,of Pace
Pacer,One who  or that which paces; especially a horse that paces.
Pachalic,See Pashalic.
Pachisi,Alt. of Parchesi
Parchesi,A game  somewhat resembling backgammon originating in India.
Pachy-,A combining form meaning thick; as  pachyderm pachydactyl.
Pachycarpous,Having the pericarp thick.
Pachydactyl,A bird or other animal having thick toes.
Pachydactylous,Having thick toes.
Pachyderm,One of the Pachydermata.
Pachydermal,Of or relating to the pachyderms; as  pachydermal dentition.
Pachydermatous,Of or pertaining to the pachyderms.
Pachydermoid,Related to the pachyderms.
Pachymeningitis,Inflammation of the dura mater or outer membrane of the brain.
Pachymeter,Same as Pachometer.
Pacifiable,Capable of being pacified or appeased; placable.
Pacificable,Placable.
Pacifical,Of or pertaining to peace; pacific.
Pacificator,One who  or that which pacifies; a peacemaker.
Pacificatory,Tending to make peace; conciliatory.
Pacfier,One who pacifies.
Pacified,of Pacify
Pacifying,of Pacify
Pack,A pact.
Packed,of Pack
Packing,of Pack
Package,Act or process of packing.
Packeted,of Packet
Packeting,of Packet
Pack herse,See under 2d Pack.
Packhouse,Warehouse for storing goods.
Packmen,of Packman
Packman,One who bears a pack; a peddler.
Pack saddle,Alt. of Pack thread
Pack thread,See under 2d Pack.
Packwax,Same as Paxwax.
Packway,A path  as over mountains followed by pack animals.
Paco,Alt. of Pacos
Pacos,Same as Alpaca.
Pact,An agreement; a league; a compact; a covenant.
Paction,An agreement; a compact; a bargain.
Pactional,Of the nature of  or by means of a paction.
Pactitious,Setted by a pact  or agreement.
Pad,A footpath; a road.
Padded,of Pad
Padding,of Pad
Padar,Groats; coarse flour or meal.
Padder,One who  or that which pads.
Paddled,of Paddle
Paddling,of Paddle
Paddlecock,The lumpfish.
Paddock,A toad or frog.
Paddy,Low; mean; boorish; vagabond.
Paddies,of Paddy
Padelion,A plant with pedately lobed leaves; the lady's mantle.
Pademelon,See Wallaby.
Padesoy,See Paduasoy.
Padge,The barn owl; -- called also pudge  and pudge owl.
Padlocked,of Padlock
Padlocking,of Padlock
Padnag,An ambling nag.
Padow,A paddock  or toad.
Padroni,of Padrone
Padrones,of Padrone
Padrone,A patron; a protector.
Paduasoy,A rich and heavy silk stuff.
Paducahs,See Comanches.
Paedobaptism,Pedobaptism.
Paedogenesis,Reproduction by young or larval animals.
Paeony,See Peony.
Pagandom,The pagan lands; pagans  collectively; paganism.
Paganic,Alt. of Paganical
Paganical,Of or pertaining to pagans or paganism; heathenish; paganish.
Paganish,Of or pertaining to pagans; heathenish.
Paganity,The state of being a pagan; paganism.
Paganized,of Paganize
Paganizing,of Paganize
Paganize,To render pagan or heathenish; to convert to paganism.
Paganly,In a pagan manner.
Paged,of Page
Paging,of Page
Pageant,A theatrical exhibition; a spectacle.
Pagehood,The state of being a page.
Paginae,of Pagina
Pagina,The surface of a leaf or of a flattened thallus.
Paginal,Consisting of pages.
Pagod,A pagoda. [R.] Or some queer pagod.
Pah,An exclamation expressing disgust or contempt. See Bah.
Pahi,A large war canoe of the Society Islands.
Pahlevi,Same as Pehlevi.
PahUtes,See Utes.
Paideutics,The science or art of teaching.
Paien,Pagan.
Paigle,A species of Primula  either the cowslip or the primrose.
Paijama,Pyjama.
Pailfuls,of Pailful
Pailful,The quantity that a pail will hold.
Paillasse,An under bed or mattress of straw.
Pailmall,See Pall-mall.
Pained,of Pain
Paining,of Pain
Painable,Causing pain; painful.
Painim,A pagan; an infidel; -- used also adjectively.
Painless,Free from pain; without pain.
Painstaker,One who takes pains; one careful and faithful in all work.
Painstaking,Careful in doing; diligent; faithful; attentive.
Painsworthy,Worth the pains or care bestowed.
Painted,of Paint
Painting,of Paint
Painter,A rope at the bow of a boat  used to fasten it to anything.
Painterly,Like a painter's work.
Paintership,The state or position of being a painter.
Paintless,Not capable of being painted or described.
Painture,The art of painting.
Pairs Royal,of Pair
Paired,of Pair
Pairing,of Pair
Pairer,One who impairs.
Pairment,Impairment.
Pais,The country; the people of the neighborhood.
Paisano,The chaparral cock.
Paise,See Poise.
Pajock,A peacock.
Pakfong,See Packfong.
Pal,A mate; a partner; esp.  an accomplice or confederate.
Palacious,Palatial.
Palaeo-,See Paleo-.
Palaeographer,Alt. of Palaeographic
Palaeographic,See Paleographer  Paleographic etc.
Palaestra,See Palestra.
Palaestric,See Palestric.
Palaetiologist,One versed in palaetiology.
Palamme,of Palama
Palampore,See Palempore.
Palapteryx,A large extinct ostrichlike bird of New Zealand.
Palatability,Palatableness.
Palatably,In a palatable manner.
Palatal,Of or pertaining to the palate; palatine; as  the palatal bones.
Palatalize,To palatize.
Palate,The roof of the mouth.
Palatic,Palatal; palatine.
Palative,Pleasing to the taste; palatable.
Palatonares,The posterior nares. See Nares.
Palavered,of Palaver
Palavering,of Palaver
Palaverer,One who palavers; a flatterer.
Paled,of Pale
Paling,of Pale
Paleae,of Palea
Palea,The interior chaff or husk of grasses.
Palely,In a pale manner; dimly; wanly; not freshly or ruddily.
Palenque,A collective name for the Indians of Nicaragua and Honduras.
Paleobotanist,One versed in paleobotany.
Paleobotany,That branch of paleontology which treats of fossil plants.
Paleocarida,Same as Merostomata.
Paleocrinoidea,A suborder of Crinoidea found chiefly in the Paleozoic rocks.
Paleocrystic,Of  pertaining to or derived from a former glacial formation.
Paleogaean,Of or pertaining to the Eastern hemisphere.
Paleograph,An ancient manuscript.
Paleographer,One skilled in paleography; a paleographist.
Paleographic,Alt. of Paleographical
Paleographical,Of or pertaining to paleography.
Paleographist,One versed in paleography; a paleographer.
Paleolae,of Paleola
Paleola,A diminutive or secondary palea; a lodicule.
Paleolith,A relic of the Paleolithic era.
Paleologist,One versed in paleology; a student of antiquity.
Paleontographical,Of or pertaining to the description of fossil remains.
Paleontography,The description of fossil remains.
Paleontological,Of or pertaining to paleontology.
Paleontologist,One versed in paleontology.
Paleophytologist,A paleobotanist.
Paleophytology,Paleobotany.
Paleornithology,The branch of paleontology which treats of fossil birds.
Paleosaurus,A genus of fossil saurians found in the Permian formation.
Paleotechnic,Belonging to  or connected with ancient art.
Paleothere,Any species of Paleotherium.
Paleotherian,Of or pertaining to Paleotherium.
Paleotheroid,Resembling Paleotherium.
Paleotype,See Palaeotype.
Paleous,Chaffy; like chaff; paleaceous.
Paleozoology,The Paleozoic time or strata.
Paleozooogy,The science of extinct animals  a branch of paleontology.
Palesie,Alt. of Palesy
Palesy,Palsy.
Palestinian,Alt. of Palestinean
Palestinean,Of or pertaining to Palestine.
Palestrae,of Palestra
Palestras,of Palestra
Palestrian,Alt. of Palestrical
Palestric,Alt. of Palestrical
Palestrical,Of or pertaining to the palestra  or to wrestling.
Palet,Same as Palea.
Paletot,An overcoat.
Palfreyed,Mounted on a palfrey.
Palgrave,See Palsgrave.
Pali,pl. of Palus.
Palindromic,Alt. of Palindromical
Palindromical,Of  pertaining to or like a palindrome.
Palindromist,A writer of palindromes.
Palingenesia,See Palingenesis.
Palingenesis,Alt. of Palingenesy
Palingenetic,Of or pertaining to palingenesis: as  a palingenetic process.
Palinodial,Of or pertaining to a palinode  or retraction.
Palinody,See Palinode.
Palisaded,of Palisade
Palisading,of Palisade
Palisadoes,of Palisado
Palisado,A palisade.
Palish,Somewhat pale or wan.
Palissander,Violet wood.
Palkee,A palanquin.
Pall,Same as Pawl.
Palled,of Pall
Palling,of Pall
Palladiumized,of Paladiumize
Palladiumizing,of Paladiumize
Paladiumize,To cover or coat with palladium.
Pallet,A small and mean bed; a bed of straw.
Palliament,A dress; a robe.
Palliard,A born beggar; a vagabond.
Palliasse,See Paillasse.
Palliate,Covered with a mant/e; cloaked; disguised.
Palliated,of Palliate
Palliating,of Palliate
Palliative,Serving to palliate; serving to extenuate or mitigate.
Palliatory,Palliative; extenuating.
Pallidity,Pallidness; paleness.
Pallidly,In a pallid manner.
Pallidness,The quality or state of being pallid; paleness; pallor; wanness.
Palliobranchiata,Same as Brachiopoda.
Pallia,of Pallium
Palliums,of Pallium
Pallone,An Italian game  played with a large leather ball.
Palmed,of Palm
Palming,of Palm
Palmacite,A fossil palm.
Palmar,Pertaining to  or corresponding with the palm of the hand.
Palmaria,of Palmarium
Palmarium,One of the bifurcations of the brachial plates of a crinoid.
Palmary,Palmar.
Palmate,A salt of palmic acid; a ricinoleate.
Palmately,In a palmate manner.
Palmatisect,Alt. of Palmatisected
Palmcrist,The palma Christi. (Jonah iv. 6  margin and Douay version note.)
Palmer,One who palms or cheats  as at cards or dice.
Palmidactyles,A group of wading birds having the toes webbed  as the avocet.
Palmiferous,Bearing palms.
Palmin,A white waxy or fatty substance obtained from castor oil.
Palmiped,Web-footed  as a water fowl.
Palmipedes,Same as Natatores.
Palmister,One who practices palmistry
Palmitate,A salt of palmitic acid.
Palmitone,The ketone of palmitic acid.
Pallometa,A pompano.
Palp,Same as Palpus.
Palpability,The quality of being palpable  or perceptible by the touch.
Palpation,Act of touching or feeling.
Palpebrae,of Palpebra
Palpebra,The eyelid.
Palpebral,Of or pertaining to the eyelids.
Palprbrate,Having eyelids.
Palped,Having a palpus.
Palpi,pl. of Palpus. (Zool.) See Palpus.
Palpifer,Same as Palpiger.
Palpiform,Having the form of a palpus.
Palpiger,That portion of the labium which bears the palpi in insects.
Palpigerous,Bearing a palpus.
Palpitant,Palpitating; throbbing; trembling.
Palpitated,of Palpitate
Palpitating,of Palpitate
Palpless,Without a palpus.
Palsgravine,The consort or widow of a palsgrave.
Palsical,Affected with palsy; palsied; paralytic.
Palsied,Affected with palsy; paralyzed.
Palster,A pilgrim's staff.
Palsies,of Palsy
Palsy,Paralysis  complete or partial. See Paralysis.
Palsying,of Palsy
Paltered,of Palter
Paltering,of Palter
Palter,To haggle.
Palterer,One who palters.
Palterly,Paltry; shabby; shabbily; paltrily.
Paltock,A kind of doublet; a jacket.
Paltrily,In a paltry manner.
Paltriness,The state or quality of being paltry.
Paludal,Of or pertaining to marshes or fens; marshy.
Paludament,See Paludamentum.
Paladumenta,of Paludamentum
Paludamentum,A military cloak worn by a general and his principal officers.
Paludicolae,A division of birds  including the cranes rails etc.
Paludicole,Marsh-inhabiting; belonging to the Paludicolae
Paludinae,of Paludina
Paludinas,of Paludina
Paludinal,Inhabiting ponds or swamps.
Paludine,Of or pertaining to a marsh.
Paludinous,Paludinal. (b) Like or pertaining to the genus Paludina.
Paludose,Growing or living in marshy places; marshy.
Palule,See Palulus or Palus.
Paluli,of Palulus
Palulus,Same as Palus.
Palustral,Of or pertaining to a bog or marsh; boggy.
Palustrine,Of  pertaining to or living in a marsh or swamp; marshy.
Paly,Pale; wanting color; dim.
Pam,The knave of clubs.
Pament,A pavement.
Pampano,Same as Pompano.
Pampered,of Pamper
Pampering,of Pamper
Pamperer,One who  or that which pampers.
Pamperize,To pamper.
Pamperos,A tribe of Indians inhabiting the pampas of South America.
Pamphlet,A writing; a book.
Pamphleteer,A writer of pamphlets; a scribbler.
Pamprodactylous,Having all the toes turned forward  as the colies.
Pan-,Alt. of Panto-
Panta-,Alt. of Panto-
Pan,A part; a portion.
Panned,of Pan
Panning,of Pan
Panabase,Same as Tetrahedrite.
Panacean,Having the properties of a panacea.
Panada,Alt. of Panade
Pan-American,Of or pertaining to both North and South America.
Panary,Of or pertaining to bread or to breadmaking.
Pancarte,A royal charter confirming to a subject all his possessions.
Pance,The pansy.
Panch,See Paunch.
Panchway,A Bengalese four-oared boat for passengers.
Pancratian,Pancratic; athletic.
Pancratiast,One who engaged in the contests of the pancratium.
Pancratiastic,Of or pertaining to the pancratium.
Pancratical,Of or pertaining to the pancratium; athletic.
Pancratist,An athlete; a gymnast.
Pancratium,An athletic contest involving both boxing and wrestling.
Pancy,See Pansy.
Pandanus,A genus of endogenous plants. See Screw pine.
Pandar,Same as Pander.
Pandarism,Same as Panderism.
Pandarize,To pander.
Pandarous,Panderous.
Pandean,Of or relating to the god Pan.
Pandect,A treatise which comprehends the whole of any science.
Pandemonium,The great hall or council chamber of demons or evil spirits.
Pander,A male bawd; a pimp; a procurer.
Pandered,of Pander
Pandering,of Pander
Panderage,The act of pandering.
Panderism,The employment  arts or practices of a pander.
Panderly,Having the quality of a pander.
Pandermite,A hydrous borate of lime  near priceite.
Panderous,Of or relating to a pander; characterizing a pander.
Pandiculated,Extended; spread out; stretched.
Pandit,See Pundit.
Pandoor,Same as Pandour.
Pandore,An ancient musical instrument  of the lute kind; a bandore.
Pandurate,Alt. of Panduriform
Pane,The narrow edge of a hammer head. See Peen.
Panegyrical,Containing praise or eulogy; encomiastic; laudatory.
Panegyris,A festival; a public assembly.
Panegyrized,of Panegyrize
Panegyrizing,of Panegyrize
Panegyry,A panegyric.
Paneled,of Panel
Panelled,of Panel
Paneling,of Panel
Panelling,of Panel
Panelation,The act of impaneling a jury.
Paneless,Without panes.
Panelwork,Wainscoting.
Paneulogism,Eulogy of everything; indiscriminate praise.
Panfuls,of Panful
Panful,Enough to fill a pan.
Pangenesis,An hypothesis advanced by Darwin in explanation of heredity.
Pangenetic,Of or pertaining to pangenesis.
Pangful,Full of pangs.
Pangless,Without a pang; painless.
Pangothic,Of  pertaining to or including all the Gothic races.
Panhellenism,A scheme to unite all the Greeks in one political body.
Panhellenist,An advocate of Panhellenism.
Panical,See Panic  a.
Panic-stricken,Alt. of Panic-struck
Panic-struck,Struck with a panic  or sudden fear.
Paniculate,Alt. of Paniculated
Paniculated,Same as Panicled.
Panier,See Pannier  3.
Panification,The act or process of making bread.
Panim,See Painim.
Panivorous,Eating bread; subsisting on bread.
Pannade,The curvet of a horse.
Pannary,See Panary.
Pannel,A kind of rustic saddle.
Panniered,Bearing panniers.
Pannikel,The brainpan  or skull; hence the crest.
Pannikin,A small pan or cup.
Pannose,Similar in texture or appearance to felt or woolen cloth.
Panomphean,Uttering ominous or prophetic voices; divining.
Panoplied,Dressed in panoply.
Panoply,Defensive armor in general; a full suit of defensive armor.
Panorama,A complete view in every direction.
Panoramic,Alt. of Panoramical
Panoramical,Of  pertaining to or like a panorama.
Panorpian,Like  or pertaining to the genus Panorpa.
Panpharmacon,A medicine for all diseases; a panacea.
Pansclavic,Alt. of Pansclavonian
Pansclavism,Alt. of Pansclavonian
Pansclavist,Alt. of Pansclavonian
Pansclavonian,See Panslavic  Panslavism etc.
Pansied,Covered or adorned with pansies.
Panslavic,Pertaining to all the Slavic races.
Panslavist,One who favors Panslavism.
Panslavonian,See Panslavic.
Panspermatist,Alt. of Panspermist
Panspermic,Of or pertaining to panspermy; as  the panspermic hypothesis.
Pansies,of Pansy
Panted,of Pant
Panting,of Pant
Pantable,See Pantofle.
Pantacosm,See Cosmolabe.
Pantagraph,See Pantograph.
Pantaloonery,The character or performances of a pantaloon; buffoonery.
Pantamorph,That which assumes  or exists in all forms.
Pantamorphic,Taking all forms.
Pantascope,A pantascopic camera.
Pantascopic,Viewing all; taking a view of the whole. See under Camera.
Pantelegraph,See under Telegraph.
Panter,One who pants.
Panteutonic,Of or pertaining to all the Teutonic races.
Pantheist,One who holds to pantheism.
Pantheistic,Alt. of Pantheistical
Pantheologist,One versed in pantheology.
Pantheress,A female panther.
Pantingly,With palpitation or rapid breathing.
Pantisocrat,A pantisocratist.
Pantisocratic,Of or pertaining to a pantisocracy.
Pantisocratist,One who favors or supports the theory of a pantisocracy.
Pantofle,A slipper for the foot.
Pantographic,Alt. of Pantographical
Pantographical,Of or pertaining to a pantograph; relating to pantography.
Pantography,A general description; entire view of an object.
Pantological,Of or pertaining to pantology.
Pantologist,One versed in pantology; a writer of pantology.
Pantometry,Universal measurement.
Pantomimic,Alt. of Pantomimical
Pantomimical,Of or pertaining to the pantomime; representing by dumb show.
Pantomimist,An actor in pantomime; also  a composer of pantomimes.
Panton,A horseshoe to correct a narrow  hoofbound heel.
Pantophagous,Eating all kinds of food.
Pantophagy,The habit or power of eating all kinds of food.
Pantopoda,Same as Pycnogonida.
Pantries,of Pantry
Panurgic,Skilled in all kinds of work.
Panurgy,Skill in all kinds of work or business; craft.
Panyard,See Pannier.
Panym,See Panim.
Paolo,An old Italian silver coin  worth about ten cents.
Pap,A nipple; a mammilla; a teat.
Papa,A child's word for father.
Papabote,The upland plover.
Papagay,See Popinjay  1 (b).
Papalist,A papist.
Papality,The papacy.
Papalize,To make papal.
Papally,In a papal manner; popishly
Papalty,The papacy.
Paparchy,Government by a pope; papal rule.
Papaver,A genus of plants  including the poppy.
Papaverous,Of or pertaining to the poppy; of the nature of the poppy.
Papboat,A kind of sauce boat or dish.
Pape,A spiritual father; specifically  the pope.
Papejay,A popinjay.
Papered,of Paper
Papering,of Paper
Paperweight,See under Paper  n.
Papery,Like paper; having the thinness or consistence of paper.
Papescent,Containing or producing pap; like pap.
Papess,A female pope; i. e.  the fictitious pope Joan.
Papeterie,A case or box containing paper and materials for writing.
Papilio,A genus of butterflies.
Papilionaceous,Resembling the butterfly.
Papiliones,The division of Lepidoptera which includes the butterflies.
Papilionides,The typical butterflies.
Papillae,of Papilla
Papillar,Same as Papillose.
Papilliform,Shaped like a papilla; mammilliform.
Papillomata,of Papilloma
Papillomatous,Of  pertaining to or consisting of papillomata.
Papillous,Papillary; papillose.
Papism,Popery; -- an offensive term.
Papistic,Alt. of Papistical
Papistry,The doctrine and ceremonies of the Church of Rome; popery.
Papized,Conformed to popery.
Papoose,A babe or young child of Indian parentage in North America.
Pappiform,Resembling the pappus of composite plants.
Pappoose,Same as Papoose.
Pappose,Furnished with a pappus; downy.
Pappous,Pappose.
Pappy,Like pap; soft; succulent; tender.
Papuan,Of or pertaining to Papua.
Papulae,of Papula
Papular,Covered with papules.
Papules,of Papule
Papule,Same as Papula.
Papulose,Having papulae; papillose; as  a papulose leaf.
Papulous,Covered with  or characterized by papulae; papulose.
Papyraceous,Made of papyrus; of the consistency of paper; papery.
Papyrean,Of or pertaining to papyrus  or to paper; papyraceous.
Papyri,of Papyrus
Paque,See Pasch and Easter.
Par,See Parr.
Parablastic,Of or pertaining to the parablast; as  the parablastic cells.
Parable,Procurable.
Parabolas,of Parabola
Parabole,Similitude; comparison.
Parabolic,Alt. of Parabolical
Parabolically,By way of parable; in a parabolic manner.
Paraboliform,Resembling a parabola in form.
Parabolist,A narrator of parables.
Paraboloidal,Of  pertaining to or resembling a paraboloid.
Parabronchia,of Parabronchium
Parabronchium,One of the branches of an ectobronchium or entobronchium.
Paracelsist,A Paracelsian.
Paracentric,Alt. of Paracentrical
Paracentrical,Deviating from circularity; changing the distance from a center.
Parachrose,Changing color by exposure
Paraclose,See Parclose.
Paracmastic,Gradually decreasing; past the acme  or crisis as a distemper.
Paracorolla,A secondary or inner corolla; a corona  as of the Narcissus.
Paracymene,Same as Cymene.
Paradactyla,of Paradactylum
Paradactylum,The side of a toe or finger.
Paraded,of Parade
Parading,of Parade
Paradigm,An example; a model; a pattern.
Paradigmatic,Alt. of Paradigmatical
Paradigmatical,Exemplary.
Paradigmatized,of Paradigmatize
Paradigmatizing,of Paradigmatize
Paradigmatize,To set forth as a model or example.
Paradisaic,Alt. of Paradisaical
Paradisaical,Of or pertaining to  or resembling paradise; paradisiacal.
Paradisal,Paradisiacal.
Paradisean,Paradisiacal.
Paradised,Placed in paradise; enjoying delights as of paradise.
Paradisiac,Alt. of Paradisiacal
Paradisiacal,Of or pertaining to paradise; suitable to  or like paradise.
Paradisial,Alt. of Paradisian
Paradisian,Paradisiacal.
Paradisic,Paradisiacal.
Paradisical,Paradisiacal.
Paradoses,of Parados
Paradoxes,of Paradox
Paradoxal,Paradoxical.
Paradoxical,Of the nature of a paradox.
Paradoxer,Alt. of Paradoxist
Paradoxist,One who proposes a paradox.
Paradoxology,The use of paradoxes.
Paradoxy,A paradoxical statement; a paradox.
Paraffin,Alt. of Paraffine
Paraglossae,of Paraglossa
Paragnath,Same as Paragnathus.
Paragnathi,of Paragnathus
Paragogic,Alt. of Paragogical
Paragon,A companion; a match; an equal.
Paragram,A pun.
Paragrammatist,A punster.
Paragraphed,of Paragraph
Paragraphing,of Paragraph
Paragrapher,A writer of paragraphs; a paragraphist.
Paragraphic,Alt. of Paragraphical
Paragraphical,Pertaining to  or consisting of a paragraph or paragraphs.
Paragraphist,A paragrapher.
Paragraphistical,Of or relating to a paragraphist.
Paraguayan,Of or pertaining to Paraguay.
Paraguay tea,See Mate  the leaf of the Brazilian holly.
Parail,See Apparel.
Parakeet,Same as Parrakeet.
Paralepsis,See Paraleipsis.
Paralian,A dweller by the sea.
Paralipomenon,A title given in the Douay Bible to the Books of Chronicles.
Paralipsis,See Paraleipsis.
Parallactic,Alt. of Parallactical
Parallactical,Of or pertaining to a parallax.
Paralleled,of Parallel
Paralleling,of Parallel
Parallelable,Capable of being paralleled  or equaled.
Parallelism,The quality or state of being parallel.
Parallelistic,Of the nature of a parallelism; involving parallelism.
Parallelize,To render parallel.
Parallelless,Matchless.
Parallelly,In a parallel manner; with parallelism.
Parallelogrammatic,Of or pertaining to a parallelogram; parallelogrammic.
Parallelogrammic,Alt. of Parallelogrammical
Parallelogrammical,Having the properties of a parallelogram.
Parallelopipedon,A parallelopiped.
Paralogical,Containing paralogism; illogical.
Paralogized,of Paralogize
Paralogizing,of Paralogize
Paralogy,False reasoning; paralogism.
Paralyse,Same as Paralyze.
Paralytic,Of or pertaining to paralysis; resembling paralysis.
Paralytical,See Paralytic.
Paralyzed,of Paralyze
Paralyzing,of Paralyze
Paralyze,To affect or strike with paralysis or palsy.
Paramagnetic,Magnetic  as opposed to diamagnetic.
Paramagnetism,Magnetism  as opposed to diamagnetism.
Paramento,Ornament; decoration.
Paramiographer,A collector or writer of proverbs.
Paramitome,The fluid portion of the protoplasm of a cell.
Paramos,of Paramo
Paramorphous,Relating to paramorphism; exhibiting paramorphism.
Paramountly,In a paramount manner.
Paranaphthalene,Anthracene; -- called also paranaphthaline.
Paranoia,Mental derangement; insanity.
Paranthracene,An inert isomeric modification of anthracene.
Paranucleus,Some as Nucleolus.
Para nut,The Brazil nut.
Paranymphal,Bridal; nuptial.
Parapectin,A gelatinous modification of pectin.
Parapegm,An engraved tablet  usually of brass set up in a public place.
Parapetalous,Growing by the side of a petal  as a stamen.
Parapeted,Having a parapet.
Paraphed,of Paraph
Paraphing,of Paraph
Paraphernal,Of or pertaining to paraphernalia; as  paraphernal property.
Paraphosphoric,Pyrophosphoric.
Paraphragmata,of Paraphagma
Paraphagma,One of the outer divisions of an endosternite of Crustacea.
Paraphrased,of Paraphrase
Paraphrasing,of Paraphrase
Paraphraser,One who paraphrases.
Paraphrasian,A paraphraser.
Paraphrast,A paraphraser.
Paraphrastic,Alt. of Paraphrastical
Paraphyses,of Paraphysis
Paraplegia,Alt. of Paraplegy
Parapleurae,of Parapleura
Parapodia,of Parapodium
Parapophyses,of Parapophysis
Paraptera,of Parapterum
Paraquet,Alt. of Paraquito
Paraquito,See Parrakeet.
Parascenia,of Parascenium
Parasceve,Among the Jews  the evening before the Sabbath.
Paraselenae,of Paraselene
Parasital,Of or pertaining to parasites; parasitic.
Parasitic,Alt. of Parasitical
Parasiticide,Anything used to destroy parasites.
Parasitism,The state or behavior of a parasite; the act of a parasite.
Parasolette,A small parasol.
Parasynaxis,An unlawful meeting.
Parasynthetic,Formed from a compound word.
Paratactic,Of pertaining to  or characterized by parataxis.
Paratheses,of Parathesis
Parathesis,The placing of two or more nouns in the same case; apposition.
Parathetic,Of or pertaining to parathesis.
Paratonnerre,A conductor of lightning; a lightning rod.
Paraunter,Peradventure. See Paraventure.
Paravail,At the bottom; lowest.
Paravant,Alt. of Paravant
Paraventure,Peradventure; perchance.
Paraxial,On either side of the axis of the skeleton.
Parboiled,of Parboil
Parboiling,of Parboil
Parboil,To boil or cook thoroughly.
Parbreak,To throw out; to vomit.
Parbuckled,of Parbuckle
Parbuckling,of Parbuckle
Parcae,The Fates. See Fate  4.
Parcase,Perchance; by chance.
Parceled,of Parcel
Parcelled,of Parcel
Parceling,of Parcel
Parcelling,of Parcel
Parcel-mele,By parcels or parts.
Parched,of Parch
Parching,of Parch
Parchedness,The state of being parched.
Parcity,Sparingless.
Parclose,A screen separating a chapel from the body of the church.
Pard,A leopard; a panther.
Pardale,A leopard.
Parde,Alt. of Pardie
Pardie,Certainly; surely; truly; verily; -- originally an oath.
Pardine,Spotted like a pard.
Pardoned,of Pardon
Pardoning,of Pardon
Pardonably,In a manner admitting of pardon; excusably.
Pardoner,One who pardons.
Pared,of Pare
Paring,of Pare
Paregoric,Mitigating; assuaging or soothing pain; as  paregoric elixir.
Parella,Alt. of Parelle
Parembole,A kind of parenthesis.
Parement,See Parament.
Paremptosis,Same as Parembole.
Parenchymal,Of  pertaining to or consisting of parenchyma.
Parenchymatous,Alt. of Parenchymous
Parenesis,Exhortation.
Parenetic,Alt. of Parenetioal
Parenetioal,Hortatory; encouraging; persuasive.
Parent,One who begets  or brings forth offspring; a father or a mother.
Parentally,In a parental manner.
Parentation,Something done or said in honor of the dead; obsequies.
Parentele,Kinship; parentage.
Parentheses,of Parenthesis
Parenthesize,To make a parenthesis of; to include within parenthetical marks.
Parenthetic,Alt. of Parenthetical
Parenthood,The state of a parent; the office or character of a parent.
Parentticide,The act of one who kills one's own parent.
Parentless,Deprived of parents.
Parer,One who  or that which pares; an instrument for paring.
Parergon,See Parergy.
Parergy,Something unimportant  incidental or superfluous.
Paresis,Incomplete paralysis  affecting motion but not sensation.
Paretic,Of or pertaining to paresis; affected with paresis.
Parfay,By my faith; verily.
Parfit,Perfect.
Parfitly,Perfectly.
Parforn,Alt. of Parfourn
Parfourn,To perform.
Pargasite,A dark green aluminous variety of amphibole  or hornblende.
Pargeboard,See Bargeboard.
Pargeted,of Parget
Pargeting,of Parget
Pargeter,A plasterer.
Pargetory,Something made of  or covered with parget or plaster.
Parhelic,Of or pertaining to parhelia.
Parhelia,of Parhelion
Parhelium,See Parhelion.
Pari-,A combining form signifying equal; as  paridigitate paripinnate.
Parial,See Pair royal  under Pair n.
Paridigitata,Same as Artiodactyla.
Parjdigitate,Having an evennumber of digits on the hands or the feet.
Parietes,of Paries
Parietary,See Parietal  2.
Parietine,A piece of a fallen wall; a ruin.
Parishen,A parishioner.
Parishional,Of or pertaining to a parish; parochial.
Parishioner,One who belongs to  or is connected with a parish.
Parisian,A native or inhabitant of Paris  the capital of France.
Parisienne,A female native or resident of Paris.
Parisology,The use of equivocal or ambiguous words.
Parisyllabic,Alt. of Parisyllabical
Parisyllabical,Having the same number of syllables in all its inflections.
Paritor,An apparitor.
Paritory,Pellitory.
Parked,of Park
Parking,of Park
Parker,The keeper of a park.
Parkleaves,A European species of Saint John's-wort; the tutsan. See Tutsan.
Parlando,Alt. of Parlante
Parle,To talk; to converse; to parley.
Parleys,of Parley
Parleyed,of Parley
Parleying,of Parley
Parliament,A parleying; a discussion; a conference.
Parliamental,Parliamentary.
Parliamentarian,Of or pertaining to Parliament.
Parliamentarily,In a parliamentary manner.
Parliamentary,Of or pertaining to Parliament; as  parliamentary authority.
Parlous,Attended with peril; dangerous; as  a parlous cough.
Parmesan,Of or pertaining to Parma in Italy.
Parnassian,Of or pertaining to Parnassus.
Parochiality,The state of being parochial.
Parochialize,To render parochial; to form into parishes.
Parochially,In a parochial manner; by the parish  or by parishes.
Parochian,Parochial.
Parodic,Alt. of Parodical
Parodical,Having the character of parody.
Parodist,One who writes a parody; one who parodies.
Parodies,of Parody
Parodied,of Parody
Parodying,of Parody
Paroket,See Paroquet.
Parol,A word; an oral utterance.
Parole,A word; an oral utterance.
Paroled,of Parole
Paroling,of Parole
Paronomastic,Alt. of Paronomastical
Paronomasy,Paronomasia.
Paronychia,A whitlow  or felon.
Paronym,A paronymous word.
Paroquet,Same as Parrakeet.
Parosteal,Of or pertaining to parostosis; as  parosteal ossification.
Parostotic,Pertaining to parostosis.
Parotic,On the side of the auditory capsule; near the external ear.
Parotitis,Inflammation of the parotid glands.
Parousia,The nativity of our Lord.
Paroxytone,A word having an acute accent on the penultimate syllable.
Parquetage,See Parquetry.
Parquette,See Parquet.
Parrakeet,Alt. of Parakeet
Parral,Alt. of Parrel
Parraqua,A curassow of the genus Ortalida  allied to the guan.
Parrhesia,Boldness or freedom of speech.
Parricidal,Of or pertaining to parricide; guilty of parricide.
Parricidious,Parricidal.
Parrock,A croft  or small field; a paddock.
Parrot,In a general sense  any bird of the order Psittaci.
Parroter,One who simply repeats what he has heard.
Parrotry,Servile imitation or repetition.
Parrot's-bill,The glory pea. See under Glory.
Parried,of Parry
Parrying,of Parry
Parries,of Parry
Parsed,of Parse
Parsing,of Parse
Parseeism,The religion and customs of the Parsees.
Parser,One who parses.
Parsoned,Furnished with a parson.
Parsonic,Alt. of Parsonical
Parsonical,Of or pertaining to a parson; clerical.
Parsonish,Appropriate to  or like a parson; -- used in disparagement.
Parted,of Part
Parting,of Part
Partable,See Partible.
Partage,Division; the act of dividing or sharing.
Partook,of Partake
Partaken,of Partake
Partaking,of Partake
Partaker,One who partakes; a sharer; a participator.
Partan,An edible British crab.
Parter,One who  or which parts or separates.
Partheniad,A poem in honor of a virgin.
Parthenogenitive,Parthenogenetic.
Parthenogeny,Same as Parthenogenesis.
Parthian,Of or pertaining to ancient Parthia  in Asia.
Partialist,One who is partial.
Partialize,To make or be partial.
Participable,Capable of being participated or shared.
Participant,Sharing; participating; having a share of part.
Participantly,In a participant manner.
Participate,Acting in common; participating.
Participated,of Participate
Participating,of Participate
Participative,Capable of participating.
Participator,One who participates  or shares with another; a partaker.
Participialized,of Participialize
Participializing,of Participialize
Participialize,To form into  or put in the form of a participle.
Participially,In the sense or manner of a participle.
Particolored,Same as Party-colored.
Particularism,A minute description; a detailed statement.
Particularist,One who holds to particularism.
Particularities,of Particularity
Particularization,The act of particularizing.
Particularized,of Particularize
Particularizing,of Particularize
Particularment,A particular; a detail.
Particulate,To particularize.
Partita,A suite; a set of variations.
Partitioned,of Partition
Partitioning,of Partition
Partitionment,The act of partitioning.
Partitive,Denoting a part; as  a partitive genitive.
Partitively,In a partitive manner.
Partly,In part; in some measure of degree; not wholly.
Parture,Departure.
Parturiate,To bring forth young.
Parturiency,Parturition.
Parturient,Bringing forth  or about to bring forth young; fruitful.
Parturious,Parturient.
Parturitive,Pertaining to parturition; obstetric.
Parties,of Party
Party,A part or portion.
Party-coated,Having a motley coat  or coat of divers colors.
Party-colored,Alt. of Parti-colored
Partyism,Devotion to party.
Parvenu,An upstart; a man newly risen into notice.
Parvis,Alt. of Parvise
Parvitude,Alt. of Parvity
Parvity,Littleness.
Pas,A pace; a step  as in a dance.
Pasan,The gemsbok.
Pasch,Alt. of Pascha
Pascha,The passover; the feast of Easter.
Paseng,The wild or bezoar goat. See Goat.
Pash,To strike; to crush; to smash; to dash in pieces.
Pashalic,The jurisdiction of a pasha.
Pashaw,See Pasha.
Pasigraphic,Alt. of Pasigraphical
Pasigraphical,Of or pertaining to pasigraphy.
Pask,See Pasch.
Pasque,See Pasch.
Pasquil,See Pasquin.
Pasquilant,A lampooner; a pasquiler.
Pasquiler,A lampooner.
Pasquin,A lampooner; also  a lampoon. See Pasquinade.
Pasquinade,A lampoon or satirical writing.
Passed,of Pass
Passing,of Pass
Passableness,The quality of being passable.
Passably,Tolerably; moderately.
Passacaglia,Alt. of Passacaglio
Passade,Alt. of Passado
Passado,A pass or thrust.
Passager,A passenger; a bird or boat of passage.
Passageway,A way for passage; a hall. See Passage  5.
Passant,Passing from one to another; in circulation; current.
Passe,Alt. of Passee
Passement,Lace  gimp braid etc. sewed on a garment.
Passementerie,Beaded embroidery for women's dresses.
Passenger,A passer or passer-by; a wayfarer.
Passe partout,That by which one can pass anywhere; a safe-conduct.
Passer,One who passes; a passenger.
Passer-by,One who goes by; a passer.
Passeriform,Like or belonging to the Passeres.
Passerine,Of or pertaining to the Passeres.
Passibleness,Passibility.
Passingly,Exceedingly.
Passioned,of Passion
Passioning,of Passion
Passionately,In a passionate manner; with strong feeling; ardently.
Passionateness,The state or quality of being passionate.
Passiontide,The last fortnight of Lent.
Passively,In a passive manner; inertly; unresistingly.
Passiveness,The quality or state of being passive; unresisting submission.
Passivity,Passiveness; -- opposed to activity.
Pass-key,A key for opening more locks than one; a master key.
Passless,Having no pass; impassable.
Passmen,of Passman
Passman,One who passes for a degree  without honors. See Classman 2.
Pass-parole,An order passed from front to rear by word of mouth.
Passus,of Passus
Passuses,of Passus
Passymeasure,See Paspy.
Pasted,of Paste
Pasting,of Paste
Paster,One who pastes; as  a paster in a government department.
Pasteurize,To subject to pasteurization.
Pasticcio,A medley; an olio.
Pastil,Alt. of Pastille
Pastor,A shepherd; one who has the care of flocks and herds.
Pastorage,The office  jurisdiction or duty of a pastor; pastorate.
Pastorally,In a pastoral or rural manner.
Pastorate,The office  state or jurisdiction of a pastor.
Pastorless,Having no pastor.
Pastorling,An insignificant pastor.
Pastorly,Appropriate to a pastor.
Pastorship,Pastorate.
Pastries,of Pastry
Pastry,The place where pastry is made.
Pasturable,Fit for pasture.
Pasturage,Grazing ground; grass land used for pasturing; pasture.
Pasture,Food; nourishment.
Pastured,of Pasture
Pasturing,of Pasture
Pastureless,Destitute of pasture.
Pasturer,One who pastures; one who takes cattle to graze. See Agister.
Pasty,Like paste  as in color softness stickness.
Pasties,of Pasty
Patted,of Pat
Patting,of Pat
Pataca,The Spanish dollar; -- called also patacoon.
Patacoon,See Pataca.
Patagia,of Patagium
Patagonian,Of or pertaining to Patagonia.
Patched,of Patch
Patching,of Patch
Patcher,One who patches or botches.
Patchery,Botchery; covering of defects; bungling; hypocrisy.
Patchingly,Knavishy; deceitfully.
Patchouli,Alt. of Patchouly
Patchy,Full of  or covered with patches; abounding in patches.
Pate,See Patte.
Patee,See Pattee.
Patefaction,The act of opening  disclosing or manifesting; open declaration.
Patellae,of Patella
Patella,A small dish  pan or vase.
Patellar,Of or pertaining to the patella  or kneepan.
Patelliform,Having the form of a patella.
Patellulae,of Patellula
Patellula,A cuplike sucker on the feet of certain insects.
Paten,A plate.
Patena,A paten.
Patency,The condition of being open  enlarged or spread.
Patented,of Patent
Patenting,of Patent
Patentable,Suitable to be patented; capable of being patented.
Patentee,One to whom a grant is made  or a privilege secured by patent.
Patently,Openly; evidently.
Paterae,of Patera
Paterero,See Pederero.
Pateresfamilias,of Paterfamilias
Paternally,In a paternal manner.
Paths,of Path
Path,A trodden way; a footway.
Pathed,of Path
Pathing,of Path
Pathematic,Of  pertaining to or designating emotion or suffering.
Pathetic,Expressing or showing anger; passionate.
Pathetical,Pathetic.
Pathetism,See Mesmerism.
Pathic,A male who submits to the crime against nature; a catamite.
Pathmaker,One who  or that which makes a way or path.
Pathogenesis,Pathogeny.
Pathogenetic,Pathogenic.
Pathologic,Alt. of Pathological
Pathological,Of or pertaining to pathology.
Pathologies,of Pathology
Pathopoela,A speech  or figure of speech designed to move the passion.
Patible,Sufferable; tolerable; endurable.
Patibulary,Of or pertaining to the gallows  or to execution.
Patibulated,Hanged on a gallows.
Patiently,In a patient manner.
Patin,Alt. of Patine
Patine,A plate. See Paten.
Patina,A dish or plate of metal or earthenware; a patella.
Patly,Fitly; seasonably.
Patness,Fitness or appropriateness; striking suitableness; convenience.
Patriarchate,The office  dignity or jurisdiction of a patriarch.
Patriarchdom,The office or jurisdiction of a patriarch; patriarchate.
Patriarchic,Patriarchal.
Patriarchism,Government by a patriarch  or the head of a family.
Patriarchship,A patriarchate.
Patriarchy,The jurisdiction of a patriarch; patriarchship.
Patricianism,The rank or character of patricians.
Patricidal,Of or pertaining to patricide; parricidal.
Patricide,The murderer of his father.
Patrimonially,By inheritance.
Patrimonies,of Patrimony
Patriotical,Patriotic; that pertains to a patriot.
Patrist,One versed in patristics.
Patristic,Alt. of Patristical
Patristical,Of or pertaining to the Fathers of the Christian church.
Patrizate,To imitate one's father.
Patrocinate,To support; to patronize.
Patrocination,The act of patrocinating or patronizing.
Patrociny,See Patrocination.
Patrolled,of Patrol
Patrolling,of Patrol
Patrole,See Patrol  n. & v.
Patrolmen,of Patrolman
Patron,One who protects  supports or countenances; a defender.
Patronal,Patron; protecting; favoring.
Patronate,The right or duty of a patron; patronage.
Patroness,A female patron or helper.
Patronization,The act of patronizing; patronage; support.
Patronized,of Patronize
Patronizing,of Patronize
Patronizer,One who patronizes.
Patronless,Destitute of a patron.
Patronymic,Derived from ancestors; as  a patronymic denomination.
Patronymical,Same as Patronymic.
Patroonship,The office of a patroon.
Patte,Alt. of Pattee
Pattemar,See Patamar.
Pattened,Wearing pattens.
Pattered,of Patter
Pattering,of Patter
Patterer,One who patters  or talks glibly; specifically a street peddler.
Patterned,of Pattern
Patterning,of Pattern
Patties,of Patty
Patty,A little pie.
Pattypan,A pan for baking patties.
Pau,See Pah.
Pauciloquent,Uttering few words; brief in speech.
Pauciloquy,Brevity in speech.
Paucity,Fewness; smallness of number; scarcity.
Paugies,of Paugy
Paugie,Alt. of Paugy
Paugy,The scup. See Porgy  and Scup.
Pauhaugen,The menhaden; -- called also poghaden.
Paul,See Pawl.
Paulian,Alt. of Paulianist
Paulin,See Tarpaulin.
Paum,To palm off by fraud; to cheat at cards.
Paunce,The pansy.
Paunched,of Paunch
Paunching,of Paunch
Paunchy,Pot-bellied.
Paune,A kind of bread. See Pone.
Pauperization,The act or process of reducing to pauperism.
Pauperized,of Pauperize
Pauperizing,of Pauperize
Pauperize,To reduce to pauperism; as  to pauperize the peasantry.
Paused,of Pause
Pausing,of Pause
Pauser,One who pauses.
Pausingly,With pauses; haltingly.
Pavage,See Pavage.
Pave,The pavement.
Paved,of Pave
Paving,of Pave
Paven,See Pavan.
Paver,One who paves; one who lays a pavement.
Pavese,Alt. of Pavesse
Pavesse,Pavise.
Paviage,A contribution or a tax for paving streets or highways.
Pavian,See Pavan.
Pavid,Timid; fearful.
Pavidity,Timidity.
Pavier,A paver.
Pavilioned,of Pavilion
Pavilioning,of Pavilion
Pavin,See Pavan.
Pavior,One who paves; a paver.
Pavisor,A soldier who carried a pavise.
Pavo,A genus of birds  including the peacocks.
Pavone,A peacock.
Pavonian,Of or pertaining to a peacock.
Pavonine,Like  or pertaining to the genus Pavo.
Paw,The foot of a quadruped having claws  as the lion dog cat etc.
Pawed,of Paw
Pawing,of Paw
Pawk,A small lobster.
Pawky,Arch; cunning; sly.
Pawn,See Pan  the masticatory.
Pawned,of Pawn
Pawning,of Pawn
Pawnable,Capable of being pawned.
Pawnbroking,The business of a pawnbroker.
Pawner,Alt. of Pawnor
Pawpaw,See Papaw.
Paxillose,Resembling a little stake.
Paxilli,of Paxillus
Paxywaxy,See Paxwax.
Paying,of Pay
Payen,Pagan.
Payn,Bread. Having
Paynim,See Painim.
Paynize,To treat or preserve  as wood by a process resembling kyanizing.
Payor,See Payer.
Payse,To poise.
Pea,The sliding weight on a steelyard.
Peas,of Pea
Pease,of Pea
Peabird,The wryneck; -- so called from its note.
Peacebreaker,One who disturbs the public peace.
Peaceless,Without peace; disturbed.
Peacemaker,One who makes peace by reconciling parties that are at variance.
Peach,To accuse of crime; to inform against.
Peach-colored,Of the color of a peach blossom.
Peacher,One who peaches.
Peachick,The chicken of the peacock.
Peachy,Resembling a peach or peaches.
Peafowl,The peacock or peahen; any species of Pavo.
Peage,See Paage.
Peagrit,A coarse pisolitic limestone. See Pisolite.
Peahen,The hen or female peafowl.
Peaked,of Peak
Peaking,of Peak
Peaky,Having a peak or peaks.
Peal,A small salmon; a grilse; a sewin.
Pealed,of Peal
Pealing,of Peal
Peanism,The song or shout of praise  of battle or of triumph.
Pearch,See Perch.
Pearl,A fringe or border.
Pearl-eyed,Having a pearly speck in the eye; afflicted with the cataract.
Pearlins,Alt. of Pearlings
Pearlings,A kind of lace of silk or thread.
Pearlite,Alt. of Pearlstone
Pear-shaped,Of the form of a pear.
Peasantlike,Rude; clownish; illiterate.
Peasantly,Peasantlike.
Peasantry,Peasants  collectively; the body of rustics.
Peascod,The legume or pericarp  or the pod of the pea.
Peases,of Pease
Peasen,of Pease
Peastone,Pisolite.
Peasweep,The pewit  or lapwing.
Peat,A small person; a pet; -- sometimes used contemptuously.
Peaty,Composed of peat; abounding in peat; resembling peat.
Pebbled,of Pebble
Pebbling,of Pebble
Pebblestone,A pebble; also  pebbles collectively.
Pebbly,Full of pebbles; pebbled.
Pecary,See Peccary.
Peccability,The state or quality of being peccable; lability to sin.
Peccable,Liable to sin; subject to transgress the divine law.
Peccadillos,of Peccadillo
Peccadillo,A slight trespass or offense; a petty crime or fault.
Peccancy,The quality or state of being peccant.
Peccant,Sinning; guilty of transgression; criminal; as  peccant angels.
Peccantly,In a peccant manner.
Peccaries,of Peccary
Peccary,A pachyderm of the genus Dicotyles.
Pecco,See Pekoe.
Pecked,of Peck
Pecking,of Peck
Peckish,Inclined to eat; hungry.
Peckled,Speckled; spotted.
Pectate,A salt of pectic acid.
Pectinal,Of or pertaining to a comb; resembling a comb.
Pectinate,Alt. of Pectinated
Pectinated,Resembling the teeth of a comb.
Pectinately,In a pectinate manner.
Pectination,The state of being pectinated; that which is pectinated.
Pectineal,Of or pertaining to the pecten.
Pectinibranch,One of the Pectinibranchiata. Also used adjectively.
Pectinibranchiate,Having pectinated gills.
Pectiniform,Comblike in form.
Pectize,To congeal; to change into a gelatinous mass.
Pectorally,As connected with the breast.
Pectoriloquial,Pertaining to  or of the nature of pectoriloquy.
Pectoriloquism,Pectoriloquy.
Pectoriloquous,Pectoriloquial.
Pectous,Of  pertaining to or consisting of pectose.
Pectora,of Pectus
Pectus,The breast of a bird.
Pecul,See Picul.
Peculated,of Peculate
Peculating,of Peculate
Peculator,One who peculates.
Peculiarities,of Peculiarity
Pecularized,of Peculiarize
Pecularizing,of Peculiarize
Peculiarness,The quality or state of being peculiar; peculiarity.
Pecunial,Pecuniary.
Pecuniarily,In a pecuniary manner; as regards money.
Pecunious,Abounding in money; wealthy; rich.
Ped,A basket; a hammer; a pannier.
Pedagog,Pedagogue.
Pedagogic,See Pedagogics.
Pedagogism,The system  occupation character or manner of pedagogues.
Pedagogy,Pedagogics; pedagogism.
Pedalian,Relating to the foot  or to a metrical foot; pedal.
Pedality,The act of measuring by paces.
Pedaneous,Going on foot; pedestrian.
Pedant,A schoolmaster; a pedagogue.
Pedantic,Alt. of Pedantical
Pedantically,In a pedantic manner.
Pedanticly,Pedantically.
Pedantism,The office  disposition or act of a pedant; pedantry.
Pedantize,To play the pedant; to use pedantic expressions.
Pedantocracy,The sway of pedants.
Pedanty,An assembly or clique of pedants.
Pedaries,of Pedary
Pedary,A sandal.
Peddled,of Peddle
Peddling,of Peddle
Pederast,One guilty of pederasty; a sodomite.
Pederastic,Of or pertaining to pederasty.
Pederasty,The crime against nature; sodomy.
Pederero,A term formerly applied to a short piece of chambered ordnance.
Pedesis,Same as Brownian movement  under Brownian.
Pedestaled,Placed on  or supported by a pedestal; figuratively exalted.
Pedestrial,Of or pertaining to the feet; employing the foot or feet.
Pedestrially,In a pedestrial manner.
Pedestrian,Going on foot; performed on foot; as  a pedestrian journey.
Pedestrianized,of Pedestrianize
Pedestrianizing,of Pedestrianize
Pedestrianize,To practice walking; to travel on foot.
Pedestrious,Going on foot; not winged.
Pedetentous,Proceeding step by step; advancing cautiously.
Pedi-,Alt. of Pedo-
Pedial,Pertaining to the foot  or to any organ called a foot; pedal.
Pediceled,Pedicellate.
Pedicellariae,of Pedicellaria
Pedicellate,Having a pedicel; supported by a pedicel.
Pedicle,Same as Pedicel.
Pediculate,Of or pertaining to the Pediculati.
Pediculation,Phthiriasis.
Pedicule,A pedicel.
Pediculous,Pedicular.
Pediculi,of Pediculus
Pediform,Shaped like a foot.
Pedigerous,Bearing or having feet or legs.
Pediluvy,The bathing of the feet  a bath for the feet.
Pedimana,A division of marsupials  including the opossums.
Pedimane,A pedimanous marsupial; an opossum.
Pedimental,Of or pertaining to a pediment.
Pedipalp,One of the Pedipalpi.
Pedipalpous,Pertaining to  or resembling the pedipalps.
Pedireme,A crustacean  some of whose feet serve as oars.
Pedlar,Alt. of Pedler
Pedler,See Peddler.
Pedobaptism,The baptism of infants or of small children.
Pedobaptist,One who advocates or practices infant baptism.
Pedomancy,Divination by examining the soles of the feet.
Pedometric,Alt. of Pedometrical
Pedometrical,Pertaining to  or measured by a pedometer.
Pedotrophy,The art of nourishing children properly.
Pedregal,A lava field.
Peduncled,Having a peduncle; supported on a peduncle; pedunculate.
Pedunculate,Alt. of Pedunculated
Pee,See 1st Pea.
Peece,See Piece.
Peechi,The dauw.
Peekaboo,A child's game; bopeep.
Peel,A small tower  fort or castle; a keep.
Peeled,of Peel
Peeling,of Peel
Peeler,One who peels or strips.
Peelhouse,See 1st Peel.
Peenge,To complain.
Peeped,of Peep
Peeping,of Peep
Peeper,A chicken just breaking the shell; a young bird.
Peeping hole,See Peephole.
Peered,of Peer
Peering,of Peer
Peer,To come in sight; to appear.
Peerage,The rank or dignity of a peer.
Peerdom,Peerage; also  a lordship.
Peerie,Alt. of Peery
Peery,Inquisitive; suspicious; sharp.
Peerless,Having no peer or equal; matchless; superlative.
Peert,Same as Peart.
Peerweet,Same as Pewit (a & b).
Peevishly,In a peevish manner.
Peevit,Alt. of Peewit
Peewit,See Pewit.
Pegged,of Peg
Pegging,of Peg
Pegador,A species of remora (Echeneis naucrates). See Remora.
Pegasean,Of or pertaining to Pegasus  or figuratively to poetry.
Pegasoid,Like or pertaining to Pegasus.
Pegger,One who fastens with pegs.
Pegm,A sort of moving machine employed in the old pageants.
Pegmatite,Graphic granite. See under Granite.
Pegtatoid,Resembling pegmatite; pegmatic.
Pegomancy,Divination by fountains.
Pegroots,Same as Setterwort.
Pein,See Peen.
Peise,A weight; a poise.
Peitrel,See Peytrel.
Pekan,See Fisher  2.
Pekoe,A kind of black tea.
Pela,See Wax insect  under Wax.
Pelage,The covering  or coat of a mammal whether of wool fur or hair.
Pelagianism,The doctrines of Pelagius.
Pelasgian,Alt. of Pelasgic
Pelecan,See Pelican.
Pelecaniformes,Those birds that are related to the pelican; the Totipalmi.
Pelecypoda,Same as Lamellibranchia.
Pelegrine,See Peregrine.
Pelfish,Of or pertaining to pelf.
Pelfray,Alt. of Pelfry
Pelfry,Pelf; also  figuratively rubbish; trash.
Pelick,The American coot (Fulica).
Pelicoid,See Pelecoid.
Peliom,A variety of iolite  of a smoky blue color; pelioma.
Pelioma,A livid ecchymosis.
Pell,To pelt; to knock about.
Pellack,A porpoise.
Pellage,A customs duty on skins of leather.
Pellagrin,One who is afficted with pellagra.
Pellet,A little ball; as  a pellet of wax / paper.
Pelleted,Made of  or like pellets; furnished with pellets.
Pellicle,A thin skin or film.
Pellicular,Of or pertaining to a pellicle.
Pellile,The redshank; -- so called from its note.
Pell-mell,See Pall-mall.
Pellmell,In utter confusion; with confused violence.
Pellucid,Transparent; clear; limpid; translucent; not opaque.
Pellucidity,Alt. of Pellucidness
Pellucidly,In a pellucid manner.
Pelmata,of Pelma
Pelma,The under surface of the foot.
Peloric,Abnormally regular or symmetrical.
Pelotage,Packs or bales of Spanish wool.
Pelted,of Pelt
Pelting,of Pelt
Peltae,of Pelta
Peltate,Alt. of Peltated
Pelter,One who pelts.
Peltiform,Shieldlike  with the outline nearly circular; peltate.
Peltry,Pelts or skins  collectively; skins with the fur on them; furs.
Peltryware,Peltry.
Peludo,The South American hairy armadillo (Dasypus villosus).
Pelvimeter,An instrument for measuring the dimensions of the pelvis.
Pen,A feather.
Penned,of Pen
Penning,of Pen
Pent,of Pen
Penality,The quality or state of being penal; lability to punishment.
Penalize,To make penal.
Penally,In a penal manner.
Penalties,of Penalty
Penance,Repentance.
Penanced,of Penance
Penanceless,Free from penance.
Penang nut,The betel nut.
Penannular,Nearly annular; having nearly the form of a ring.
Penary,Penal.
Penaunt,A penitent.
Pence,pl. of Penny. See Penny.
Penchant,Inclination; decided taste; bias; as  a penchant for art.
Penchute,See Penstock.
Penciled,of Pencil
Pencilled,of Pencil
Penciling,of Pencil
Pencilling,of Pencil
Pencillate,Alt. of Pencillated
Pencillated,Shaped like a pencil; penicillate.
Pencraft,Penmanship; skill in writing; chirography.
Pend,Oil cake; penock.
Pended,of Pend
Pending,of Pend
Pendence,Slope; inclination.
Pendency,The quality or state of being pendent or suspended.
Pendently,In a pendent manner.
Pendice,A sloping roof; a lean-to; a penthouse.
Pendicler,An inferior tenant; one who rents a pendicle or croft.
Pendular,Pendulous.
Pendulate,To swing as a pendulum.
Pendule,A pendulum.
Pendulosity,The state or quality of being pendulous.
Pendulous,Depending; pendent loosely; hanging; swinging.
Pendulously,In a pendulous manner.
Pendulums,of Pendulum
Penelope,A genus of curassows  including the guans.
Penetrail,Penetralia.
Penetrance,Alt. of Penetrancy
Penetrated,of Penetrate
Penetrating,of Penetrate
Penetratingly,In a penetrating manner.
Penetrativeness,The quality of being penetrative.
Penfish,A squid.
Penfold,See Pinfold.
Pengolin,The pangolin.
Penguinery,A breeding place  or rookery of penguins.
Penholder,A handle for a pen.
Penhouse,A penthouse.
Penible,Painstaking; assidous.
Penicil,A tent or pledget for wounds or ulcers.
Penicilliform,Penicillate.
Peninsulated,of Peninsulate
Peninsulating,of Peninsulate
Peninsulate,To form into a peninsula.
Penis,The male member  or organ of generation.
Penitency,Penitence.
Penitentially,In a penitential manner.
Penitentiary,Relating to penance  or to the rules and measures of penance.
Penitentiaries,of Penitentiary
Penitentiaryship,The office or condition of a penitentiary of the papal court.
Penitently,In a penitent manner.
Penk,A minnow. See Pink  n. 4.
Penknives,of Penknife
Penmen,of Penman
Pennae,of Penna
Penna,A perfect  or normal feather.
Pennaceous,Like or pertaining to a normal feather.
Pennach,A bunch of feathers; a plume.
Pennached,Variegated; striped.
Pennage,Feathery covering; plumage.
Pennate,Alt. of Pennated
Pennated,Winged; plume-shaped.
Pennatulae,of Pennatula
Pennatulas,of Pennatula
Penner,One who pens; a writer.
Penniform,Having the form of a feather or plume.
Pennigerous,Bearing feathers or quills.
Penniless,Destitute of money; impecunious; poor.
Penninerved,Pinnately veined or nerved.
Pennipotent,Strong of wing; strong on the wing.
Pennon,A wing; a pinion.
Pennoncel,Alt. of Pennoncelle
Pennoncelle,See Pencel.
Pennies,of Penny
Pennyworth,A penny's worth; as much as may be bought for a penny.
Penock,See Pend.
Penological,Of or pertaining to penology.
Penologist,One versed in  or a student of penology.
Penology,The science or art of punishment.
Penrack,A rack for pens not in use.
Pens,pl. of Penny.
Pensative,Pensive.
Pensel,A pencel.
Pensible,Held aloft.
Pensile,Hanging; suspended; pendent; pendulous.
Pensileness,State or quality of being pensile; pendulousness.
Pension,A payment; a tribute; something paid or given.
Pensioned,of Pension
Pensioning,of Pension
Pensionaries,of Pensionary
Pensioner,One in receipt of a pension; hence  figuratively a dependent.
Pensived,Made pensive.
Pensively,In a pensive manner.
Pensiveness,The state of being pensive; serious thoughtfulness; seriousness.
Penta-,A combining form denoting five; as  pentacapsular; pentagon.
Pentacapsular,Having five capsules.
Pentachloride,A chloride having five atoms of chlorine in each molecule.
Pentachord,An ancient instrument of music with five strings.
Pentaconter,See Penteconter.
Pentacrinite,Any species of Pentacrinus.
Pentacra,of Pentacron
Pentacrons,of Pentacron
Pentacron,A solid having five summits or angular points.
Pentadactyl,Alt. of Pentadactyle
Pentadactyle,Having five digits to the hand or foot.
Pentadecylic,Same as Quindecylic.
Pentafid,Divided or cleft into five parts.
Pentaglot,A work in five different tongues.
Pentagonal,Having five corners or angles.
Pentagonally,In the form of a pentagon; with five angles.
Pentagonous,Pentagonal.
Pentagram,A pentacle or a pentalpha.
Pentagraphic,Alt. of Pentagraphical
Pentagraphical,Pantographic. See Pantograph.
Pentagynia,A Linnaean order of plants  having five styles or pistils.
Pentagynian,Alt. of Pentagynous
Pentahedral,Having five sides; as  a pentahedral figure.
Pentahedrical,Pentahedral.
Pentahedron,A solid figure having five sides.
Pentahedrous,Pentahedral.
Pentameran,One of the Pentamera.
Pentameter,A verse of five feet.
Pentandria,A Linnaean class of plants having five separate stamens.
Pentandrian,Alt. of Pentandrous
Pentandrous,Of or pertaining to the class Pentadria; having five stamens.
Pentangle,A pentagon.
Pentangular,Having five corners or angles.
Pentapetalous,Having five petals  or flower leaves.
Pentaphyllous,Having five leaves or leaflets.
Pentapody,A measure or series consisting of five feet.
Pentaptote,A noun having five cases.
Pentarchy,A government in the hands of five persons; five joint rulers.
Pentaspast,A purchase with five pulleys.
Pentaspermous,Containing five seeds.
Pentastich,A composition consisting of five verses.
Pentastomida,Same as Linguatulina.
Pentateuchal,Of or pertaining to the Pentateuch.
Pentatomic,Having five atoms in the molecule.
Pentavalent,Having a valence of five; -- said of certain atoms and radicals.
Penteconter,A Grecian vessel with fifty oars.
Pentecostal,Of or pertaining to Pentecost or to Whitsuntide.
Pentecoster,An officer in the Spartan army commanding fifty men.
Pentecosties,of Pentecosty
Pentelic,Alt. of Pentelican
Pentene,Same as Amylene.
Pentice,A penthouse.
Pentile,See Pantile.
Pentone,Same as Valylene.
Pentremite,Any species of Pentremites.
Pentroof,See Lean-to.
Pentrough,A penstock.
Penuchle,Alt. of Pinocle
Penultima,Same as Penult.
Penumbra,An incomplete or partial shadow.
Penwomen,of Penwoman
Penwoman,A female writer; an authoress.
Peon,See Poon.
Peonage,The condition of a peon.
Peonism,Same as Peonage.
Peonies,of Peony
Peopled,of People
Peopling,of People
Peopleless,Destitute of people.
Peopler,A settler; an inhabitant.
Peoplish,Vulgar.
Pepastic,Same as Maturative.
Peperine,Alt. of Peperino
Peplis,A genus of plants including water purslane.
Peplus,An upper garment worn by Grecian and Roman women.
Peppered,of Pepper
Peppering,of Pepper
Pepperbrand,See 1st Bunt.
Peppercorn,A dried berry of the black pepper (Piper nigrum).
Pepperer,A grocer; -- formerly so called because he sold pepper.
Pepperwort,See Peppergrass.
Pepsinhydrochloric,Same as Peptohydrochloric.
Peptics,The science of digestion.
Peptogen,A substance convertible into peptone.
Peptogenic,Same as Peptogenous.
Peptogenous,Capable of yielding  or being converted into peptone.
Peptonoid,A substance related to peptone.
Peptonuria,The presence of peptone  or a peptonelike body in the urine.
Pequots,A tribe of Indians who formerly inhabited Eastern Connecticut.
Peract,To go through with; to perform.
Peracute,Very sharp; very violent; as  a peracute fever.
Peradventure,By chance; perhaps; it may be; if; supposing.
Peragrate,To travel over or through.
Perambulated,of Perambulate
Perambulating,of Perambulate
Perambulation,The act of perambulating; traversing.
Perambulator,One who perambulates.
Perbend,See Perpender.
Perbreak,See Parbreak.
Perbromate,A salt of perbromic acid.
Perca,A genus of fishes  including the fresh-water perch.
Percaline,A fine kind of French cotton goods  usually of one color.
Percarbide,A compound containing a relatively large amount of carbon.
Percarburet,A percarbide.
Percarbureted,Combined with a relatively large amount of carbon.
Percase,Perhaps; perchance.
Perce,To pierce.
Perceivable,Capable of being perceived; perceptible.
Perceivance,Power of perceiving.
Perceived,of Perceive
Perceiving,of Perceive
Perceiver,One who perceives (in any of the senses of the verb).
Percely,Parsley.
Percept,That which is perceived.
Perceptivity,The quality or state of being perceptive; power of perception.
Perched,of Perch
Perching,of Perch
Perchance,By chance; perhaps; peradventure.
Percher,One who  or that which perches.
Perchlorate,A salt of perchloric acid.
Perciform,Pertaining to the Perciformes.
Percipience,Alt. of Percipiency
Percipiency,The faculty  act or power of perceiving; perception.
Perclose,Same as Parclose.
Percoid,Belonging to  or resembling the perches or family Percidae.
Percoidea,Same as Perciformes.
Percolated,of Percolate
Percolating,of Percolate
Percolator,One who  or that which filters.
Percomorphi,A division of fishes including the perches and related kinds.
Perculaced,Latticed. See Lattice  n. 2.
Percurrent,Running through the entire length.
Percursory,Running over slightly or in haste; cursory.
Percussed,of Percuss
Percussing,of Percuss
Percussive,Striking against; percutient; as  percussive force.
Percutient,Striking; having the power of striking.
Perdicine,Of or pertaining to the family Perdicidae  or partridges.
Perdie,See Parde.
Perdifoil,A deciduous plant; -- opposed to evergreen.
Perditionable,Capable of being ruined; worthy of perdition.
Perdu,One placed on watch  or in ambush.
Perdue,Lost to view; in concealment or ambush; close.
Perduellion,Treason.
Perdulous,Lost; thrown away.
Perdurability,Durability; lastingness.
Perdurable,Very durable; lasting; continuing long.
Perdurance,Alt. of Perduration
Perduration,Long continuance.
Perdure,To last or endure for a long time; to be perdurable or lasting.
Perdy,Truly. See Parde.
Pere,A peer.
Peregal,Fully equal.
Peregrinator,One who peregrinates; one who travels about.
Peregrine,Foreign; not native; extrinsic or from without; exotic.
Peregrinity,Foreignness; strangeness.
Perel,Apparel.
Perempt,To destroy; to defeat.
Peremption,A quashing; a defeating.
Peremptorily,In a peremptory manner; absolutely; positively.
Peremptoriness,The quality of being peremptory; positiveness.
Perennial,ing or continuing through the year; as  perennial fountains.
Perennially,In a perennial manner.
Perennity,The quality of being perennial.
Pererration,A wandering  or rambling through various places.
Perfected,of Perfect
Perfecting,of Perfect
Perfecter,One who  or that which makes perfect.
Perfectibilian,A perfectionist.
Perfectibilist,A perfectionist. See also Illuminati  2.
Perfectibility,The quality or state of being perfectible.
Perfectible,Capable of becoming  or being made perfect.
Perfectional,Of or pertaining to perfection; characterized by perfection.
Perfectionate,To perfect.
Perfectionism,The doctrine of the Perfectionists.
Perfectively,In a perfective manner.
Perfectness,The quality or state of being perfect; perfection.
Perfervid,Very fervid; too fervid; glowing; ardent.
Perficient,Making or doing throughly; efficient; effectual.
Perfidiously,In a perfidious manner.
Perfidiousness,The quality of being perfidious; perfidy.
Perfidies,of Perfidy
Perfit,Perfect.
Perfix,To fix surely; to appoint.
Perflable,Capable of being blown through.
Perflate,To blow through.
Perflation,The act of perflating.
Perforated,of Perforate
Perforating,of Perforate
Perforation,The act of perforating  or of boring or piercing through.
Perforative,Having power to perforate or pierce.
Perforator,One who  or that which perforates; esp. a cephalotome.
Perforce,By force; of necessary; at any rate.
Performed,of Perform
Performing,of Perform
Performable,Admitting of being performed  done or executed; practicable.
Perfricate,To rub over.
Perfumatory,Emitting perfume; perfuming.
Perfumed,of Perfume
Perfuming,of Perfume
Perfume,To fill or impregnate with a perfume; to scent.
Perfumer,One who  oe that which perfumes.
Perfumery,Perfumes  in general.
Perfunctorily,In a perfunctory manner; formally; carelessly.
Perfunctoriness,The quality or state of being perfunctory.
Perfuncturate,To perform in a perfunctory manner; to do negligently.
Perfused,of Perfuse
Perfusing,of Perfuse
Perfuse,To suffuse; to fill full or to excess.
Perfusion,The act of perfusing.
Perfusive,Of a nature to flow over  or to spread through.
Pergamenous,Alt. of Pergamentaceous
Pergamentaceous,Like parchment.
Perhaps,By chance; peradventure; perchance; it may be.
Peris,of Peri
Periagua,See Pirogue.
Perianthium,The perianth.
Periastral,Among or around the stars.
Periauger,See Pirogue.
Periblem,Nascent cortex  or immature cellular bark.
Peribranchial,Surrounding the branchiae; as  a peribranchial cavity.
Pericardiac,Alt. of Pericardial
Pericardial,Of or pertaining to pericardium; situated around the heart.
Pericardian,Pericardiac.
Pericardic,Pericardiac.
Pericarditus,Inflammation of the pericardium.
Pericarpial,Alt. of Pericarpic
Pericarpic,Of or pertaining to a pericarp.
Perichaetial,Of or pertaining to the perichaeth.
Perichaetia,of Perichaetium
Perichaetium,Same as Perichaeth.
Perichete,Same as Perichaeth.
Perichondritis,Inflammation of the perichondrium.
Perichordal,Around the notochord; as  a perichordal column. See Epichordal.
Periclase,Alt. of Periclasite
Periclinia,of Periclinium
Periclitate,To endanger.
Periclitation,Trial; experiment.
Pericranial,Of or pertaining to the pericranium.
Periculous,Dangerous; full of peril.
Pericula,of Periculum
Periculum,Danger; risk.
Periderm,The outer layer of bark.
Peridia,of Peridium
Peridot,Chrysolite.
Periecians,See Perioecians.
Perienteron,The primitive perivisceral cavity.
Periergy,Excessive care or diligence.
Perigean,Pertaining to the perigee.
Perigee,Alt. of Perigeum
Perigenetic,Of or pertaining to perigenesis.
Perigonia,of Perigonium
Perigonium,Same as Perigone.
Perigord pie,A pie made of truffles  much esteemed by epicures.
Perigraph,A careless or inaccurate delineation of anything.
Perigynia,of Perigynium
Perihelia,of Perihelium
Perihelion,Alt. of Perihelium
Periled,of Peril
Perilled,of Peril
Periling,of Peril
Perilling,of Peril
Perilymphangial,Around  or at the side of a lymphatic vessel.
Perilymphatic,Pertaining to  or containing perilymph.
Perimetric,Alt. of Perimetrical
Perimysial,Surrounding a muscle or muscles.
Perinaeum,See Perineum.
Perineal,Of or pertaining to the perineum.
Perineoplasty,The act or process of restoring an injured perineum.
Perineorrhaphy,The operation of sewing up a ruptured perineum.
Perinephritis,Inflammation of the cellular tissue around the kidney.
Periodate,A salt of periodic acid.
Periodicalist,One who publishes  or writes for a periodical.
Periodically,In a periodical manner.
Periodicalness,Periodicity.
Periodicities,of Periodicity
Periodontal,Surrounding the teeth.
Perioeci,Alt. of Perioecians
Perioplic,Of or pertaining to the periople; connected with the periople.
Periosteal,Situated around bone; of or pertaining to the periosteum.
Periostitis,Inflammation of the periosteum.
Periostraca,of Periostracum
Peripatecian,A peripatetic.
Peripatetic,Walking about; itinerant.
Peripatetical,Peripatetic.
Peripetalous,Surrounding  or situated about the petals.
Peripheric,Alt. of Peripherical
Peripherical,See Peripheral.
Peripheries,of Periphery
Periphery,The outside or superficial portions of a body; the surface.
Periphrased,of Periphrase
Periphrasing,of Periphrase
Periphrases,of Periphrasis
Periphrasis,See Periphrase.
Periphrastic,Alt. of Periphrastical
Periphrastically,With circumlocution.
Periplast,Same as Periblast.
Peripneumonia,Alt. of Peripneumony
Peripneumony,Pneumonia.
Peripneumonic,Of or pertaining to peripneumonia.
Periproct,The region surrounding the anus  particularly of echinoderms.
Periproctitis,Inflammation of the tissues about the rectum.
Peripteral,Having columns on all sides; -- said of an edifice. See Apteral.
Peripterous,Peripteral.
Perisarc,The outer  hardened integument which covers most hydroids.
Periscian,Having the shadow moving all around.
Periscians,Alt. of Periscii
Periscope,A general or comprehensive view.
Periscopic,Viewing all around  or on all sides.
Perished,of Perish
Perishing,of Perish
Perishability,Perishableness.
Perishably,In a perishable degree or manner.
Perishment,The act of perishing.
Perisomata,of Perisoma
Perisoma,Same as Perisome.
Perispheric,Alt. of Perispherical
Perispherical,Exactly spherical; globular.
Perispomena,of Perispomenon
Perispomenon,A word which has the circumflex accent on the last syllable.
Perispore,The outer covering of a spore.
Perisse,To perish.
Perissodactyl,One of the Perissodactyla.
Perissological,Redundant or excessive in words.
Perissology,Superfluity of words.
Peristalsis,Peristaltic contraction or action.
Peristeria,A genus of orchidaceous plants. See Dove plant.
Peristerion,The herb vervain (Verbena officinalis).
Peristeromorphous,Like or pertaining to the pigeons or Columbae.
Peristole,Peristaltic action  especially of the intestines.
Peristomata,of Peristoma
Peristoma,Same as Peristome.
Peristomial,Of or pertaining to a peristome.
Peristomium,Same as Peristome.
Perite,Skilled.
Peritomous,Cleaving in more directions than one  parallel to the axis.
Peritonaeum,Same as Peritoneum.
Peritoneal,Of or pertaining to the peritoneum.
Peritonitis,Inflammation of the peritoneum.
Peritracheal,Surrounding the tracheae.
Peritropal,Rotatory; circuitous.
Peritropous,Peritropal.
Perityphlitis,Inflammation of the connective tissue about the caecum.
Periuterine,Surrounding the uterus.
Perivascular,Around the blood vessels; as  perivascular lymphatics.
Perivertebral,Surrounding the vertebrae.
Perivisceral,Around the viscera; as  the perivisceral cavity.
Perwigged,of Periwig
Perwigging,of Periwig
Perjenet,A kind of pear.
Perjured,of Perjure
Perjuring,of Perjure
Perjurious,Alt. of Perjurous
Perjurous,Guilty of perjury; containing perjury.
Perjuries,of Perjury
Perjury,False swearing.
Perked,of Perk
Perking,of Perk
Perkin,A kind of weak perry.
Perky,Perk; pert; jaunty; trim.
Perlaceous,Pearly; resembling pearl.
Perlite,Same as Pearlite.
Perlous,Perilous.
Perlustration,The act of viewing all over.
Permanable,Permanent; durable.
Permanence,Alt. of Permanency
Permanently,In a permanent manner.
Permanganate,A salt of permanganic acid.
Permansion,Continuance.
Permeability,The quality or state of being permeable.
Permeably,In a permeable manner.
Permeant,Passing through; permeating.
Permeated,of Permeate
Permeating,of Permeate
Permiscible,Capable of being mixed.
Permissible,That may be permitted; allowable; admissible.
Permissive,Permitting; granting leave or liberty.
Permissively,In a permissive manner.
Permistion,The act of mixing; the state of being mingled; mixture.
Permitted,of Permit
Permitting,of Permit
Permittance,The act of permitting; allowance; permission; leave.
Permittee,One to whom a permission or permit is given.
Permitter,One who permits.
Permix,To mix; to mingle.
Permixtion,See Permission.
Permutable,Capable of being permuted; exchangeable.
Permute,To interchange; to transfer reciprocally.
Permuter,One who permutes.
Pern,To take profit of; to make profitable.
Pernel,See Pimpernel.
Pernicion,Destruction; perdition.
Pernicious,Quick; swift (to burn).
Pernicity,Swiftness; celerity.
Pernio,A chilblain.
Pernoctalian,One who watches or keeps awake all night.
Pernor,One who receives the profits  as of an estate.
Perofskite,A titanate of lime occurring in octahedral or cubic crystals.
Perogue,See Pirogue.
Peroneal,Of or pertaining to the fibula; in the region of the fibula.
Perorate,To make a peroration; to harangue.
Peroxidation,Act  process or result of peroxidizing; oxidation to a peroxide.
Peroxidized,of Peroxidize
Peroxidizing,of Peroxidize
Peroxidize,To oxidize to the utmost degree  so as to form a peroxide.
Perpend,To weight carefully in the mind.
Perpendicle,Something hanging straight down; a plumb line.
Perpendicularity,The quality or state of being perpendicular.
Perpendicularly,In a perpendicular manner; vertically.
Perpend stone,See Perpender.
Perpension,Careful consideration; pondering.
Perpensity,Perpension.
Perpent stone,See Perpender.
Perpession,Suffering; endurance.
Perpetrable,Capable of being perpetrated.
Perpetrated,of Perpetrate
Perpetrating,of Perpetrate
Perpetrator,One who perpetrates; esp.  one who commits an offense or crime.
Perpetuable,Capable of being perpetuated or continued.
Perpetually,In a perpetual manner; constantly; continually.
Perpetualty,The state or condition of being perpetual.
Perpetuance,Perpetuity.
Perpetuated,of Perpetuate
Perpetuating,of Perpetuate
Perplexed,of Perplex
Perplexing,of Perplex
Perplexities,of Perplexity
Perplexiveness,The quality of being perplexing; tendency to perplex.
Perplexly,Perplexedly.
Perpotation,The act of drinking excessively; a drinking bout.
Perquisited,Supplied with perquisites.
Perquisition,A thorough inquiry of search.
Perradial,Situated around the radii  or radial tubes of a radiate.
Perrie,Precious stones; jewels.
Perrier,A short mortar used formerly for throwing stone shot.
Perroquet,See Paroquet  Parakeet.
Perruque,See Peruke.
Perruquier,A marker of perukes or wigs.
Perry,A fermented liquor made from pears; pear cider.
Persant,Piercing.
Perscrutation,A thorough searching; a minute inquiry or scrutiny.
Persecot,See Persicot.
Persecuted,of Persecute
Persecuting,of Persecute
Persecutor,One who persecutes  or harasses.
Persecutrix,A woman who persecutes.
Persever,To persevere.
Perseverant,Persevering.
Persevered,of Persevere
Persevering,of Persevere
Persic,Of or relating to Persia.
Persicaria,See Lady's thumb.
Persifleur,One who indulges in persiflage; a banterer; a quiz.
Persis,A kind of coloring matter obtained from lichens.
Persism,A Persian idiom.
Persisted,of Persist
Persisting,of Persist
Persistence,Alt. of Persistency
Persistently,In a persistent manner.
Persistive,See Persistent.
Persolve,To pay wholly  or fully.
Personae,of Persona
Persona,Same as Person  n. 8.
Personal,Pertaining to human beings as distinct from things.
Personalism,The quality or state of being personal; personality.
Personalities,of Personality
Personality,That which constitutes distinction of person; individuality.
Personalized,of Personalize
Personalizing,of Personalize
Personalize,To make personal.
Personalty,The state of being a person; personality.
Personated,of Personate
Personating,of Personate
Personate,To celebrate loudly; to extol; to praise.
Personator,One who personates.
Personeity,Personality.
Personification,The act of personifying; impersonation; embodiment.
Personifier,One who personifies.
Personified,of Personify
Personifying,of Personify
Personize,To personify.
Perspective,Of or pertaining to the science of vision; optical.
Perspectively,Optically; as through a glass.
Perspicable,Discernible.
Perspicacy,Perspicacity.
Perspicience,The act of looking sharply.
Perspicil,An optical glass; a telescope.
Perspicuity,The quality or state of being transparent or translucent.
Perspicuous,Capable of being through; transparent; translucent; not opaque.
Perspirability,The quality or state of being perspirable.
Perspirable,Capable of being perspired.
Perspiration,The act or process of perspiring.
Perspirative,Performing the act of perspiration; perspiratory.
Perspired,of Perspire
Perspiring,of Perspire
Perstreperous,Noisy; obstreperous.
Perstringe,To touch; to graze; to glance on.
Persuadable,That may be persuaded.
Persuaded,of Persuade
Persuading,of Persuade
Persuader,One who  or that which persuades or influences.
Persuasibility,Capability of being persuaded.
Persuasible,Capable of being persuaded; persuadable.
Persuasory,Persuasive.
Persulphate,A sulphate of the peroxide of any base.
Persulphocyanate,A salt of persulphocyanic acid.
Persulphuret,A persulphide.
Pert,Open; evident; apert.
Pertained,of Pertain
Pertaining,of Pertain
Perterebration,The act of boring through.
Perthiocyanogen,Same as Persulphocyanogen.
Pertinacy,The quality or state of being pertinent; pertinence.
Pertinate,Pertinacious.
Pertinately,Pertinaciously.
Pertinence,Alt. of Pertinency
Pertly,In a pert manner.
Pertness,The quality or state of being pert.
Pertransient,Passing through or over.
Perturb,To disturb; to agitate; to vex; to trouble; to disquiet.
Perturbability,The quality or state of being perturbable.
Perturbance,Disturbance; perturbation.
Perturbate,To perturb.
Perturbative,Tending to cause perturbation; disturbing.
Perturbator,A perturber.
Perturbed,Agitated; disturbed; troubled.
Perturber,One who  or that which perturbs or cause perturbation.
Pertusate,Pierced at the apex.
Pertuse,Alt. of Pertused
Pertused,Punched; pierced with  or having holes.
Pertussis,The whooping cough.
Peruke,A wig; a periwig.
Perulae,of Perula
Perula,One of the scales of a leaf bud.
Perule,Same as Perula.
Perusal,The act of carefully viewing or examining.
Perused,of Peruse
Perusing,of Peruse
Peruse,To observe; to examine with care.
Peruser,One who peruses.
Peruvian,Of or pertaining to Peru  in South America.
Pervaded,of Pervade
Pervading,of Pervade
Perversed,Turned aside.
Perversedly,Perversely.
Perversely,In a perverse manner.
Perverseness,The quality or state of being perverse.
Perversity,The quality or state of being perverse; perverseness.
Perversive,Tending to pervert.
Perverted,of Pervert
Perverting,of Pervert
Pervert,To turnanother way; to divert.
Perverter,One who perverts (a person or thing).
Pervertible,Capable of being perverted.
Pervestigate,To investigate thoroughly.
Pervestigation,Thorough investigation.
Pervial,Pervious.
Pervicacious,Obstinate; willful; refractory.
Pervicacity,Obstinacy; pervicaciousness.
Pervicacy,Pervicacity.
Pervigilation,Careful watching.
Pervis,See Parvis.
Pery,A pear tree. See Pirie.
Pedes,of Pes
Pesage,A fee  or toll paid for the weighing of merchandise.
Pesane,See Pusane.
Pesanted,Made heavy or dull; debased.
Peschito,See Peshito.
Pese,A pea.
Peshito,Alt. of Peshitto
Pesky,Pestering; vexatious; troublesome. Used also as an intensive.
Pessaries,of Pessary
Pessimistical,Pessimistic.
Pessimize,To hold or advocate the doctrine of pessimism.
Pessuli,of Pessulus
Pest,A fatal epidemic disease; a pestilence; specif.  the plague.
Pestalozzianism,The system of education introduced by Pestalozzi.
Pestered,of Pester
Pestering,of Pester
Pesterer,One who pesters or harasses.
Pesterous,Inclined to pester. Also  vexatious; encumbering; burdensome.
Pestful,Pestiferous.
Pestiduct,That which conveys contagion or infection.
Pestiferously,In a pestiferuos manner.
Pestilent,Pestilential; noxious; pernicious; mischievous.
Pestilential,Having the nature or qualities of a pestilence.
Pestilentially,Pestilently.
Pestilentious,Pestilential.
Pestilently,In a pestilent manner; mischievously; destructively.
Pestilentness,The quality of being pestilent.
Pestilation,The act of pounding and bruising with a pestle in a mortar.
Pestled,of Pestle
Pestling,of Pestle
Pet,A cade lamb; a lamb brought up by hand.
Petted,of Pet
Petting,of Pet
Petaliferous,Bearing petals.
Petaliform,Having the form of a petal; petaloid; petal-shaped.
Petaline,Pertaining to a petal; attached to  or resembling a petal.
Petaloid,Petaline.
Petaloideous,Having the whole or part of the perianth petaline.
Petalous,Having petals; petaled; -- opposed to apetalous.
Petala,of Petalum
Petalum,A petal.
Petar,See Petard.
Petardeer,Alt. of Petardier
Petardier,One who managed a petard.
Petechial,Characterized by  or pertaining to petechiae; spotted.
Petering,of Peter
Peterel,See Petrel.
Peterero,See Pederero.
Petermen,of Peterman
Peterman,A fisherman; -- so called after the apostle Peter.
Peterwort,See Saint Peter's-wort  under Saint.
Petiolar,Alt. of Petiolary
Petiolate,Alt. of Petiolated
Petioled,Petiolate.
Petiolulate,Supported by its own petiolule.
Petiolule,A small petiole  or the petiole of a leaflet.
Petit,Small; little; insignificant; mean; -- Same as Petty.
Petitioned,of Petition
Petitioning,of Petition
Petitionarily,By way of begging the question; by an assumption.
Petitionary,Supplicatory; making a petition.
Petitionee,A person cited to answer  or defend against a petition.
Petitioner,One who presents a petition.
Petitor,One who seeks or asks; a seeker; an applicant.
Petitory,Petitioning; soliciting; supplicating.
Petong,See Packfong.
Petralogy,See Petrology.
Petrary,An ancient war engine for hurling stones.
Petrean,Of or pertaining to to rock.
Petre,See Saltpeter.
Petrescence,The process of changing into stone; petrification.
Petrescent,Petrifying; converting into stone; as  petrescent water.
Petrific,Petrifying; petrifactive.
Petrificate,To petrify.
Petrification,See Petrifaction.
Petrified,of Petrify
Petrifying,of Petrify
Petrine,Of or pertaining to St.Peter; as  the Petrine Epistles.
Petroglyphic,Of or pertaining to petroglyphy.
Petrographic,Alt. of Petrographical
Petrographical,Pertaining to petrography.
Petrography,The art of writing on stone.
Petrol,Petroleum.
Petroleur,Alt. of Petroleuse
Petroleuse,One who makes use of petroleum for incendiary purposes.
Petrologic,Alt. of Petrological
Petrological,Of or pertaining to petrology.
Petrologically,According to petrology.
Petrologist,One who is versed in petrology.
Petromyzont,A lamprey.
Petrosilex,Felsite.
Petrosilicious,Containing  or consisting of petrosilex.
Petrostearine,A solid unctuous material  of which candles are made.
Pettichaps,See Pettychaps.
Pettifogged,of Pettifog
Pettifogging,of Pettifog
ies,of Pettifoggery
Pettifogulize,To act as a pettifogger; to use contemptible tricks.
Pettily,In a petty manner; frivolously.
Pettish,Fretful; peevish; moody; capricious; inclined to ill temper.
Petto,The breast.
Pettywhin,The needle furze. See under Needle.
Petulance,Alt. of Petulancy
Petulant,Forward; pert; insolent; wanton.
Petulantly,In a petulant manner.
Petulcity,Wantonness; friskiness.
Petulcous,Wanton; frisky; lustful.
Petunse,Alt. of Petuntze
Petuntse,Alt. of Petuntze
Petzite,A telluride of silver and gold  related to hessite.
Pewet,Same as Pewit.
Pewfellow,One who occupies the same pew with another.
Pewit,The lapwing.
Pewtery,Belonging to  or resembling pewter; as a pewtery taste.
Pexity,Nap of cloth.
Pezizoid,Resembling a fungus of the genus Peziza; having a cuplike form.
Pfennigs,of Pfennig
Pfennige,of Pfennig
Phacelli,of Phacellus
Phacochere,The wart hog.
Phacoid,Resembling a lentil; lenticular.
Phaenogam,Any plant of the class Phaenogamia.
Phaenogamian,Alt. of Phaenogamic
Phaenogamic,Same as Phaenogamous.
Phaenogamous,Having true flowers with with distinct floral organs; flowering.
Phaenomenon,See Phenomenon.
Phagedena,A canine appetite; bulimia.
Phagedenic,Alt. of PhagedenicAL
Phagedenous,Phagedenic.
Phakoscope,An instrument for studying the mechanism of accommodation.
Phalaena,A linnaean genus which included the moths in general.
Phalangeal,Alt. of Phalangal
Phalangal,Of or pertaining to the phalanges. See Phalanx  2.
Phalanges,pl. of Phalanx.
Phalangial,Alt. of Phalangian
Phalangian,Phalangeal.
Phalangides,of Phalangid
Phalangid,One of the Phalangoidea.
Phalangious,Of or pertaining to Phalangoidea.
Phalangister,Alt. of Phalangistine
Phalangistine,Same as Phalangist.
Phalangite,A soldier belonging to a phalanx.
Phalanstere,A phalanstery.
Phalansterian,Of or pertaining to phalansterianism.
Phalansterism,Alt. of Phalansterianism
Phalansterianism,A system of phalansteries proposed by Fourier; Fourierism.
Phalanxes,of Phalanx
Phallic,Of or pertaining to the phallus  or to phallism.
Phallicism,See Phallism.
Phalli,of Phallus
Phane,See Fane.
Phanerite,Evident; visible.
Phanerocarpae,Same as Acraspeda.
Phanerodactyla,Same as Saururae.
Phanerogamian,Phanerogamous.
Phanerogamic,Alt. of Phanerogamous
Phantasma,A phantasm.
Phantasmagorial,Of  relating to or resembling phantasmagoria; phantasmagoric.
Phantasmagoric,Of or pertaining to phantasmagoria; phantasmagorial.
Phantasmagory,See Phantasmagoria.
Phantasmascope,See Phantascope.
Phantasmatical,Phantasmal.
Phantasmatography,A description of celestial phenomena  as rainbows etc.
Phantastic,Alt. of Phantastical
Phantastical,See Fantastic.
Phantasy,See Fantasy  and Fancy.
Phantomatic,Phantasmal.
Pharaon,See Pharaoh  2.
Pharaonic,Of or pertaining to the Pharaohs  or kings of ancient Egypt.
Phare,A beacon tower; a lighthouse.
Pharisaic,Alt. of Pharisaical
Pharisaical,Of or pertaining to the Pharisees; resembling the Pharisees.
Pharisaism,The notions  doctrines and conduct of the Pharisees as a sect.
Pharisean,Following the practice of Pharisees; Pharisaic.
Phariseeism,See Pharisaism.
Pharmaceutic,Alt. of Pharmaceutical
Pharmaceutics,The science of preparing medicines.
Pharmacist,One skilled in pharmacy; a pharmaceutist; a druggist.
Pharmacognosy,Pharmacognosis.
Pharmacography,See Pharmacognosis.
Pharmacologist,One skilled in pharmacology.
Pharmacology,Knowledge of drugs or medicines; the art of preparing medicines.
Pharmacomathy,See Pharmacognosis.
Pharmacon,A medicine or drug; also  a poison.
Pharmacopolist,One who sells medicines; an apothecary.
Pharo,A pharos; a lighthouse.
Pharos,A lighthouse or beacon for the guidance of seamen.
Pharyngal,Pharyngeal.
Pharyngeal,Of or pertaining to the pharynx; in the region of the pharynx.
Pharyngitis,Inflammation of the pharynx.
Pharyngobranchii,Same as Leptocardia.
Pharyngolaryngeal,Of or pertaining both to pharynx and the larynx.
Pharyngotome,An instrument for incising or scarifying the tonsils  etc.
pharynges,of Pharynx
Phascolome,A marsupial of the genus Phascolomys; a wombat.
Phases,of Phase
Phasel,The French bean  or kidney bean.
Phaseless,Without a phase  or visible form.
Phaseomannite,Same as Inosite.
Phasis,See Phase.
Phasm,Alt. of Phasma
Phasma,An apparition; a phantom; an appearance.
Phassachate,The lead-colored agate; -- so called in reference to its color.
Pheasantry,A place for keeping and rearing pheasants.
Phebe,See Phoebe.
Pheer,See 1st Fere.
Pheese,To comb; also  to beat; to worry.
Phellogen,The tissue of young cells which produces cork cells.
Phelloplastics,Art of modeling in cork.
Phene,Benzene.
Phenic,Of  pertaining to derived from or resembling phenyl or phenol.
Phenician,See Phoenician.
Phenicious,Of a red color with a slight mixture of gray.
Phenicopter,A flamingo.
Phenixes,of Phenix
Phenogamia,Same as Phaenogamia.
Phenogamian,Alt. of Phenogamous
Phenogamic,Alt. of Phenogamous
Phenogamous,Same as Phaenogamian  Phaenogamic etc.
Phenolate,A compound of phenol analogous to a salt.
Phenomenist,One who believes in the theory of phenomenalism.
Phenomenology,A description  history or explanation of phenomena.
Phenomena,of Phenomenon
Phenylic,Pertaining to  derived from or containing phenyl.
Phialed,of Phial
Phialing,of Phial
Philabeg,See Filibeg.
Philalethist,A lover of the truth.
Philander,To make love to women; to play the male flirt.
Philanderer,One who hangs about women; a male flirt.
Philanthrope,A philanthropist.
Philanthropic,Alt. of Philanthropical
Philanthropinist,An advocate of  or believer in philanthropinism.
Philanthropistic,Pertaining to  or characteristic of a philanthropist.
Philatelic,Of or pertaining to philately.
Philatelist,One versed in philately; one who collects postage stamps.
Philately,The collection of postage stamps of various issues.
Philatory,A kind of transparent reliquary with an ornamental top.
Philauty,Self-love; selfishness.
Philharmonic,Loving harmony or music.
Philhellene,A friend of Greece  or of the Greeks; a philhellenist.
Philhellenic,Of or pertaining to philhellenism.
Philhellenism,Love of Greece.
Philibeg,See Filibeg.
Philip,The European hedge sparrow.
Philippian,Of or pertaining to Philippi  a city of ancient Macedonia.
Philippized,of Philippize
Philippizing,of Philippize
Philippize,To support or advocate the cause of Philip of Macedon.
Philogyny,Fondness for women; uxoriousness; -- opposed to misogyny.
Philohellenian,A philhellenist.
Philologer,A philologist.
Philologian,A philologist.
Philological,Alt. of Philologic
Philologic,Of or pertaining to philology.
Philologist,One versed in philology.
Philologize,To study  or make critical comments on language.
Philologue,A philologist.
Philology,Criticism; grammatical learning.
Philomath,A lover of learning; a scholar.
Philomathematic,A philomath.
Philomathic,Of or pertaining to philomathy.
Philomathy,The love of learning or letters.
Philomel,Same as Philomela  the nightingale.
Philomela,The nightingale; philomel.
Philomene,The nightingale.
Philomot,Of the color of a dead leaf.
Philomusical,Loving music. [R.]Busby.
Philopolemic,Alt. of Philopolemical
Philopolemical,Fond of polemics or controversy.
Philoprogenitive,Having the love of offspring; fond of children.
Philoprogenitiveness,The love of offspring; fondness for children.
Philosophaster,A pretender to philosophy.
Philosophate,To play the philosopher; to moralize.
Philosophation,Philosophical speculation and discussion.
Philosophe,A philosophaster; a philosopher.
Philosopheme,A philosophical proposition  doctrine or principle of reasoning.
Philosopher,One who philosophizes; one versed in  or devoted to philosophy.
Philosophic,Alt. of Philosophical
Philosophism,Spurious philosophy; the love or practice of sophistry.
Philosophist,A pretender in philosophy.
Philosophistic,Alt. of Philosophistical
Philosophistical,Of or pertaining to the love or practice of sophistry.
Philosophized,of Philosophize
Philosophizing,of Philosophize
Philosophizer,One who philosophizes.
Philosophies,of Philosophy
Philostorgy,Natural affection  as of parents for their children.
Philotechnic,Alt. of Philotechnical
Philotechnical,Fond of the arts.
Philter,A potion or charm intended to excite the passion of love.
Philtered,of Philter
Philtering,of Philter
Phitoness,Pythoness; witch.
Phizes,of Phiz
Phiz,The face or visage.
Phlebitis,Inflammation of a vein.
Phlebolite,Alt. of Phlebolith
Phlebolith,A small calcareous concretion formed in a vein; a vein stone.
Phlebology,A branch of anatomy which treats of the veins.
Phlebotomist,One who practiced phlebotomy.
Phlebotomized,of Phlebotomize
Phlebotomizing,of Phlebotomize
Phlebotomize,To let blood from by opening a vein; to bleed.
Phlegmagogue,A medicine supposed to expel phlegm.
Phlegmatic,Watery.
Phlegmatical,Phlegmatic.
Phlegmatically,In a phlegmatic manner.
Phlegmaticly,Phlegmatically.
Phlegmon,Purulent inflammation of the cellular or areolar tissue.
Phleme,See Fleam.
Phlogistian,A believer in the existence of phlogiston.
Phlogistic,Of or pertaining to phlogiston  or to belief in its existence.
Phlogistical,Phlogistic.
Phlogisticated,of Phlogisticate
Phlogisticating,of Phlogisticate
Phlogistication,The act or process of combining with phlogiston.
Phlogogenous,Causing inflammation.
Phlogotic,Of or pertaining to phlogisis.
Phocacean,Any species of Phoca; a seal.
Phocal,Pertaining to seals.
Phocenin,See Delphin.
Phocine,Of or pertaining to the seal tribe; phocal.
Phocodont,One of the Phocodontia.
Phoebe,The pewee  or pewit.
Phoebus,Apollo; the sun god.
Phoenician,Of or pertaining to Phoenica.
Phoenicious,See Phenicious.
Phoenicopterus,A genus of birds which includes the flamingoes.
Phoenix,Same as Phenix.
Pholad,Any species of Pholas.
Pholadean,Pholad.
Pholades,of Pholas
Phonal,Of or relating to the voice; as  phonal structure.
Phonascetics,Treatment for restoring or improving the voice.
Phonetic,Of or pertaining to the voice  or its use.
Phonetically,In a phonetic manner.
Phonetician,One versed in phonetics; a phonetist.
Phonetism,The science which treats of vocal sounds.
Phonetist,One versed in phonetics; a phonologist.
Phonetize,To represent by phonetic signs.
Phonic,Of or pertaining to sound; of the nature of sound; acoustic.
Phonics,See Phonetics.
Phonocamptic,Reflecting sound.
Phonographer,One versed or skilled in phonography.
Phonographic,Alt. of Phonographical
Phonographical,Of or pertaining to phonography; based upon phonography.
Phonographically,In a phonographic manner; by means of phonograph.
Phonographist,Phonographer.
Phonologer,A phonologist.
Phonologic,Alt. of Phonological
Phonological,Of or pertaining to phonology.
Phonologist,One versed in phonology.
Phonorganon,A speaking machine.
Phonotypr,A type or character used in phonotypy.
Phonotypic,Alt. of Phonotypical
Phonotypical,Of or pertaining to phonotypy; as  a phonotypic alphabet.
Phonotypist,One versed in phonotypy.
Phorminx,A kind of lyre used by the Greeks.
Phoronomia,See Phoronomics.
Phoronomics,The science of motion; kinematics.
Phosphate,A salt of phosphoric acid.
Phosphaturia,The excessive discharge of phosphates in the urine.
Phosphide,A binary compound of phosphorus.
Phosphite,A salt of phosphorous acid.
Phosphor,Phosphorus.
Phosphorated,of Phosphorate
Phosphorating,of Phosphorate
Phosphoreous,Phosphorescent.
Phosphoresced,of Phosphoresce
Phosphorescing,of Phosphoresce
Phosphorescent,Shining with a phosphoric light; luminous without sensible heat.
Phosphorical,Phosphoric.
Phosphorite,A massive variety of apatite.
Phosphorize,To phosphorate.
Phosphorized,Containing  or impregnated with phosphorus.
Phosphorogenic,Generating phosphorescence; as  phosphorogenic rays.
Phosphori,of Phosphorus
Phosphorus,The morning star; Phosphor.
Phosphuret,A phosphide.
Phosphureted,Impregnated  or combined with phosphorus.
Photic,Relating to the production of light by the lower animals.
Photos,of Photo
Photo,A contraction of Photograph.
Photochromic,Alt. of Photochromatic
Photochromatic,Of or pertaining to photochromy; produced by photochromy.
Photochromy,The art or process of reproducing colors by photography.
Photogalvanography,The art or process of making photo-electrotypes.
Photogene,A photograph.
Photogenic,Of or pertaining to photogeny; producing or generating light.
Photogeny,See Photography.
Photoglyphic,Pertaining to the art of engraving by the action of light.
Photoglyphy,Photoglyphic engraving. See under Photoglyphic.
Photoglyptic,Same as Photoglyphic.
Photogram,A photograph.
Photograph,A picture or likeness obtained by photography.
Photographed,of Photograph
Photographing,of Photograph
Photographer,One who practices  or is skilled in photography.
Photographic,Alt. of Photographical
Photographist,A photographer.
Photolithographer,One who practices  or one who employs photolithography.
Photolithography,The art or process of producing photolithographs.
Photologic,Alt. of Photological
Photological,Pertaining to photology  or the doctrine of light.
Photologist,One who studies or expounds the laws of light.
Photomagnetic,Of or pertaining to photomagnetism.
Photometric,Alt. of Photometrical
Photometrical,Of or pertaining to photometry  or to a photometer.
Photometrician,One engaged in the scientific measurement of light.
Photomicrography,The art of producing photomicrographs.
Photophobia,A dread or intolerance of light.
Photophonic,Of or pertaining to photophone.
Photophony,The art or practice of using the photophone.
Photopsy,Same as Photopsia.
Photoscopic,Of or pertaining to the photoscope or its uses.
Photosphere,A sphere of light; esp.  the luminous envelope of the sun.
Photospheric,Of or pertaining to the photosphere.
Phototonus,A motile condition in plants resulting from exposure to light.
Phototropic,Same as Heliotropic.
Phototypic,Of or pertaining to a phototype or phototypy.
Phototypography,Same as Phototypy.
Phototypy,The art or process of producing phototypes.
Photozincograph,A print made by photozincography.
Phragmosiphon,The siphon of a phragmocone.
Phrased,of Phrase
Phrasing,of Phrase
Phraseless,Indescribable.
Phraseogram,A symbol for a phrase.
Phraseologic,Alt. of Phraseological
Phraseologist,A collector or coiner of phrases.
Phraseology,Manner of expression; peculiarity of diction; style.
Phratries,of Phratry
Phratry,A subdivision of a phyle  or tribe in Athens.
Phreatic,Subterranean; -- applied to sources supplying wells.
Phrenetic,Alt. of Phrenetical
Phrenism,See Vital force  under Vital.
Phrenologer,A phrenologist.
Phrenologic,Phrenological.
Phrenological,Of or pertaining to phrenology.
Phrenologist,One versed in phrenology; a craniologist.
Phrensied,See Frenzied.
Phrensy,Violent and irrational excitement; delirium. See Frenzy.
Phrentic,See Phrenetic.
Phryganeid,Any insect belonging to the Phryganeides.
Phrygian,Of or pertaining to Phrygia  or to its inhabitants.
Phthalate,A salt of phthalic acid.
Phthalyl,The hypothetical radical of phthalic acid.
Phthisic,Same as Phthisis.
Phthisiology,A treatise on phthisis.
Phthisipneumonia,Alt. of Phthisipneumony
Phthisipneumony,Pulmonary consumption.
Phthongometer,An instrument for measuring vocal sounds.
Phthor,Fluorine.
Phycite,See Erythrite  1.
Phycochrome,A bluish green coloring matter of certain algae.
Phycocyanin,Alt. of Phycocyanine
Phycocyanine,A blue coloring matter found in certain algae.
Phycoerythrin,Alt. of Phycoerythrine
Phycoerythrine,A red coloring matter found in algae of the subclass Florideae.
Phycography,A description of seaweeds.
Phycology,The science of algae  or seaweeds; algology.
Phycophaeine,A brown coloring matter found in certain algae.
Phycoxanthin,Alt. of Phycoxanthine
Phycoxanthine,A yellowish coloring matter found in certain algae.
Phylacter,A phylactery.
Phylactered,Wearing a phylactery.
Phylacteric,Alt. of Phylacterical
Phylacterical,Of or pertaining to phylacteries.
Phylacteries,of Phylactery
Phylactolaema,Alt. of Phylactolaemata
Phylactolaematous,Of or pertaining to the Phylactolaema.
Phylactolema,Alt. of Phylactolemata
Phylactolemata,Same as Phylactolaema.
Phylarch,The chief of a phyle  or tribe.
Phylarchy,The office of a phylarch; government of a class or tribe.
Phylae,of Phyle
Phyllite,A mineral related to ottrelite.
Phyllo-,A combining form from Gr. / a leaf; as  phyllopod phyllotaxy.
Phyllobranciae,of Phyllobranchia
Phyllobranchia,A crustacean gill composed of lamellae.
Phyllocladia,of Phyllocladium
Phyllocyanin,A blue coloring matter extracted from chlorophyll.
Phyllocyst,The cavity of a hydrophyllium.
Phyllode,Same as Phyllodium.
Phyllodineous,Having phyllodia; relating to phyllodia.
Phyllodia,of Phyllodium
Phylloid,Resembling a leaf.
Phyllomania,An abnormal or excessive production of leaves.
Phyllomorphosis,The succession and variation of leaves during different seasons.
Phyllophagan,One of a group of marsupials including the phalangists.
Phyllophagous,Substituting on leaves; leaf-eating.
Phyllophorous,Leaf-bearing; producing leaves.
Phyllopod,One of the Phyllopoda. [Also used adjectively.]
Phyllopodous,Of or pertaining to the Phyllopoda.
Phylloltomid,A phyllostome.
Phyllotactic,Of or pertaining to phyllotaxy.
Phyllotaxy,Alt. of Phyllotaxis
Phylloxanthin,A yellow coloring matter extracted from chlorophyll.
Phylogenesis,Alt. of Phylogeny
Phyla,of Phylon
Phylon,A tribe.
Phymata,of Phyma
Phyma,A tubercle on any external part of the body.
Physaliae,An order of Siphonophora which includes Physalia.
Physeter,The genus that includes the sperm whale.
Physiced,of Physic
Physicking,of Physic
Physicianed,Licensed as a physician.
Physicist,One versed in physics.
Physicologic,Logic illustrated by physics.
Physicological,Of or pertaining to physicologic.
Physicology,Physics.
Physico-mathematics,Mixed mathematics.
Physico-philosophy,The philosophy of nature.
Physiognomer,Physiognomist.
Physiognomic,Alt. of Physiognomical
Physiognomist,Same as Physiognomy  1.
Physiognomize,To observe and study the physiognomy of.
Physiognommonic,Physiognomic.
Physiognomies,of Physiognomy
Physiogony,The birth of nature.
Physiographic,Alt. of Physiographical
Physiographical,Of or pertaining to physiography.
Physiologer,A physiologist.
Physiologic,Physiological.
Physiologically,In a physiological manner.
Physiologies,of Physiology
Physique,The natural constitution  or physical structure of a person.
Physnomy,Physiogmony.
Physoclist,One of the Physoclisti.
Physoclisti,An order of teleost in which the air bladder has no opening.
Physopod,One of the Physopoda; a thrips.
Physopoda,Same as Thysanoptera.
Physostomous,Having a duct to the air bladder.
Phytochemical,Relating to phytochemistry.
Phytochimy,Phytochemistry.
Phytogenesis,Alt. of Phytogeny
Phytogeny,The doctrine of the generation of plants.
Phytogeographical,Of or pertaining to phytogeography.
Phytogeography,The geographical distribution of plants.
Phytoglyphic,Relating to phytoglyphy.
Phytoglyphy,See Nature printing  under Nature.
Phytographical,Of or pertaining to phytography.
Phytoid,Resembling a plant; plantlike.
Phytolite,An old name for a fossil plant.
Phytolithologist,One versed in phytolithology; a paleobotanist.
Phytological,Of or pertaining to phytology; botanical.
Phytologist,One skilled in phytology; a writer on plants; a botanist.
Phytomer,Alt. of Phytomeron
Phytomeron,An organic element of a flowering plant; a phyton.
Phytons,of Phyton
Phytonomy,The science of the origin and growth of plants.
Phytopathologist,One skilled in diseases of plants.
Phytopathology,The science of diseases to which plants are liable.
Phytophaga,A division of Hymenoptera; the sawflies.
Phytophagic,Phytophagous.
Phytophagous,Feeding on plants; herbivorous; as  a phytophagous animal.
Phytophagy,The eating of plants.
Phytophysiology,Vegetable physiology.
Phytotomist,One versed in phytotomy.
Phytotomy,The dissection of plants; vegetable anatomy.
Phytozoaria,Same as Infusoria.
Phytozoa,of Phytozoon
Phytozoon,A plantlike animal. The term is sometimes applied to zoophytes.
Phyz,See Phiz.
Pi,A mass of type confusedly mixed or unsorted.
Pied,of Pi
Pieing,of Pi
Piacaba,See Piassava.
Piacle,A heinous offense which requires expiation.
Piacular,Expiatory; atoning.
Piacularity,The quality or state of being piacular; criminality; wickedness.
Piaculous,Same as Piacular.
Pial,Pertaining to the pia mater.
Pian,The yaws. See Yaws.
Pianet,The magpie.
Pianette,A small piano; a pianino.
Pianino,A pianette  or small piano.
Pianist,A performer  esp. a skilled performer on the piano.
Pianograph,A form of melodiograph applied to a piano.
Piapec,A West African pie (Ptilostomus Senegalensis).
Piastre,See Piaster.
Piation,The act of making atonement; expiation.
Piatti,Cymbals.
Piazzas,of Piazza
Pic,A Turkish cloth measure  varying from 18 to 28 inches.
Pica,The genus that includes the magpies.
Picapare,The finfoot.
Picarian,Of or pertaining to Picariae.
Picayunish,Petty; paltry; mean; as  a picayunish business.
Piccadil,Alt. of Piccadilly
Piccage,Money paid at fairs for leave to break ground for booths.
Pice,A small copper coin of the East Indies  worth less than a cent.
Pichey,A Brazilian armadillo (Dasypus minutus); the little armadillo.
Pici,A division of birds including the woodpeckers and wrynecks.
Piciform,Of or pertaining to Piciformes.
Picked,of Pick
Picking,of Pick
Pick,To throw; to pitch.
Pickaback,On the back or shoulders; as  to ride pickback.
Pickaninnies,of Pickaninny
Pickaninny,A small child; especially  a negro or mulatto infant.
Pickapack,Pickaback.
Pickax,Alt. of Pickaxe
Pickback,On the back.
Pickedness,The state of being sharpened; pointedness.
Pickeered,of Pickeer
Pickeering,of Pickeer
Pickeerer,One who pickeers.
Pickerel,A young or small pike.
Pickering,The sauger of the St.Lawrence River.
Pickery,Petty theft.
Picketed,of Picket
Picketing,of Picket
Picketee,See Picotee.
Pick-fault,One who seeks out faults.
Pickle,See Picle.
Pickled,of Pickle
Pickling,of Pickle
Pickle-herring,A herring preserved in brine; a pickled herring.
Pickler,One who makes pickles.
Picklock,An instrument for picking locks.
Pickmire,The pewit  or black-headed gull.
Picknick,See Picnic.
Pickpack,Pickaback.
Pickpennies,of Pickpenny
Pickpenny,A miser; also  a sharper.
Pickpocket,One who steals purses or other articles from pockets.
Pickpurse,One who steals purses  or money from purses.
Picksy,See Pixy.
Picktooth,A toothpick.
Picke,A small piece of land inclosed with a hedge; a close.
Picnicked,of Picnic
Picnicking,of Picnic
Picnicker,One who takes part in a picnic.
Picoid,Like or pertaining to the Pici.
Picotee,Alt. of Picotine
Picquet,See Piquet.
Picrate,A salt of picric acid.
Picrolite,A fibrous variety of serpentine.
Picromel,A colorless viscous substance having a bitter-sweet taste.
Picryl,The hypothetical radical of picric acid  analogous to phenyl.
Pictish,Of or pertaining to Picts; resembling the Picts.
Pictograph,A picture or hieroglyph representing and expressing an idea.
Pictoric,Alt. of Pictorical
Pictorical,Pictorial.
Pictura,Pattern of coloration.
Picturable,Capable of being pictured  or represented by a picture.
Pictural,Pictorial.
Picture,The art of painting; representation by painting.
Pictured,of Picture
Picturing,of Picture
Picturer,One who makes pictures; a painter.
Picturesquish,Somewhat picturesque.
Picturized,of Picturize
Picturizing,of Picturize
Picturize,To picture.
Piddled,of Piddle
Piddling,of Piddle
Piddler,One who piddles.
Piddock,Any species of Pholas; a pholad. See Pholas.
Pieced,of Piece
Piecing,of Piece
Pieceless,Not made of pieces; whole; entire.
Piecely,In pieces; piecemeal.
Piecemeal,In pieces; in parts or fragments.
Piecemealed,Divided into pieces.
Piecer,One who pieces; a patcher.
Piedmontite,A manganesian kind of epidote  from Piedmont. See Epidote.
Piedness,The state of being pied.
Piedstall,See Pedestal.
Piemen,of Pieman
Pieman,A man who makes or sells pies.
Piend,See Peen.
Pieno,Full; having all the instruments.
Piepoudre,Alt. of Piepowder
Pierage,Same as Wharfage.
Pierced,of Pierce
Piercing,of Pierce
Pierce,To thrust into  penetrate or transfix with a pointed instrument.
Pierceable,That may be pierced.
Piercer,One who  or that which pierces or perforates
Pierian,Of or pertaining to Pierides or Muses.
Pierides,The Muses.
Piet,The dipper  or water ouzel.
Pietism,The principle or practice of the Pietists.
Pietistic,Alt. of Pietistical
Piewipe,The lapwing  or pewit.
Piezometer,An instrument for measuring the compressibility of liquids.
Piffero,Alt. of Piffara
Pig,A piggin.
Pigged,of Pig
Pigging,of Pig
Pigeonfoot,The dove's-foot geranium (Geranium molle).
Pigeon-hearted,Timid; easily frightened; chicken-hearted.
Pigeon-livered,Pigeon-hearted.
Pigeonry,A place for pigeons; a dovecote.
Pigeontoed,Having the toes turned in.
Pig-eyed,Having small  deep-set eyes.
Pigg,A piggin. See 1st Pig.
Piggeries,of Piggery
Piggery,A place where swine are kept.
Piggish,Relating to  or like a pig; greedy.
Pight,Pitched; fixed; determined.
Pightel,A small inclosure.
Pigmean,See Pygmean.
Pigmental,Alt. of Pigmentary
Pigmentary,Of or pertaining to pigments; furnished with pigments.
Pigmentous,Pigmental.
Pigmy,See Pygmy.
Pignerate,To pledge or pawn.
Pignoration,The act of pledging or pawning.
Pignorative,Pledging  pawning.
Pignora,of Pignus
Pignus,A pledge or pawn.
Pignut,See Groundnut (d).
Pigpen,A pen  or sty for pigs.
Pigsney,A word of endearment for a girl or woman.
Pig-sticking,Boar hunting; -- so called by Anglo-Indians.
Pigsties,of Pigsty
Pigsty,A pigpen.
Pigtail,The tail of a pig.
Pigtailed,Having a tail like a pig's; as  the pigtailed baboon.
Piked,Furnished with a pike; ending in a point; peaked; pointed.
Pike-devant,A pointed beard.
Pikelet,Alt. of Pikelin
Pikelin,A light  thin cake or muffin.
Pikeman,of Pikeman
Pikestaff,The staff  or shaft of a pike.
Piketail,See Pintail  1.
Pikrolite,See Picrolite.
Pilage,See Pelage.
Pilastered,Furnished with pilasters.
Pilau,See Pillau.
Pilch,A gown or case of skin  or one trimmed or lined with fur.
Pilcher,A scabbard  as of a sword.
Pilcrow,a paragraph mark  /.
Piled,of Pile
Piling,of Pile
Pileate,Alt. of Pileated
Pileated,Having the form of a cap for the head.
Pileiform,Having the form of a pileus or cap; pileate.
Pilement,An accumulation; a heap.
Pilenta,of Pilentum
Pilorhizae,of Pileorhiza
Pileous,Consisting of  or covered with hair; hairy; pilose.
Piler,One who places things in a pile.
Pilei,of Pileus
Pileus,A kind of skull cap of felt.
Pileworm,The teredo.
Pile-worn,Having the pile worn off; threadbare.
Pilfered,of Pilfer
Pilfering,of Pilfer
Pilferer,One who pilfers; a petty thief.
Pilfery,Petty theft.
Pilgrim,A wayfarer; a wanderer; a traveler; a stranger.
Pilgrimize,To wander as a pilgrim; to go on a pilgrimage.
Pildia,of Pilidium
Pilifera,Same as Mammalia.
Piliferous,Bearing a single slender bristle  or hair.
Piliform,Resembling hairs or down.
Piligerous,Bearing hair; covered with hair or down; piliferous.
Pill,The peel or skin.
Pilled,of Pill
Pilling,of Pill
Pillage,The act of pillaging; robbery.
Pillaged,of Pillage
Pillaging,of Pillage
Pillager,One who pillages.
Pillar-block,See under Pillow.
Pillaret,A little pillar.
Pillarist,See Stylite.
Pilled-garlic,See Pilgarlic.
Piller,One who pills or plunders.
Pilleries,of Pillery
Pillery,Plunder; pillage.
Pillorize,To set in  or punish with the pillory; to pillory.
Pillories,of Pillory
Pilloried,of Pillory
Pillorying,of Pillory
Pillowed,of Pillow
Pillowing,of Pillow
Pillowy,Like a pillow.
Pill-willet,The willet.
Pilose,Hairy; full of  or made of hair.
Pilosity,The quality or state of being pilose; hairiness.
Pilot,One employed to steer a vessel; a helmsman; a steersman.
Piloted,of Pilot
Piloting,of Pilot
Pilotism,Alt. of Pilotry
Pilotry,Pilotage; skill in the duties of a pilot.
Pilour,A piller; a plunderer.
Pilous,See Pilose.
Pilser,An insect that flies into a flame.
Pilulous,Like a pill; small; insignificant.
Pilwe,A pillow.
Pily,Like pile or wool.
Piment,Wine flavored with spice or honey. See Pigment  3.
Pimenta,Same as Pimento.
Pimlico,The friar bird.
Pimped,of Pimp
Pimping,of Pimp
Pimpinel,The burnet saxifrage. See under Saxifrage.
Pimpled,Having pimples.
Pimply,Pimpled.
Pimpship,The office  occupation or persom of a pimp.
Pin,To peen.
Pinned,of Pin
Pinning,of Pin
Pinacoid,A plane parallel to two of the crystalline axes.
Pinacotheca,A picture gallery.
Pinafore,An apron for a child to protect the front part of dress; a tier.
Pinakothek,Pinacotheca.
Pinaster,A species of pine (Pinus Pinaster) growing in Southern Europe.
Pinaces,of Pinax
Pince-nez,Eyeglasses kept on the nose by a spring.
Pincers,See Pinchers.
Pinched,of Pinch
Pinching,of Pinch
Pinchem,The European blue titmouse.
Pincher,One who  or that which pinches.
Pinchfist,A closefisted person; a miser.
Pinchingly,In a pinching way.
Pinchpenny,A miserly person.
Pincpinc,An African wren warbler. (Drymoica textrix).
Pincushion,A small cushion  in which pins may be stuck for use.
Pindal,Alt. of Pindar
Pindar,The peanut (Arachis hypogaea); -- so called in the West Indies.
Pindarical,Pindaric.
Pindarism,Imitation of Pindar.
Pindarist,One who imitates Pindar.
Pinder,One who impounds; a poundkeeper.
Pine,Woe; torment; pain.
Pined,of Pine
Pining,of Pine
Pineal,Of or pertaining to a pine cone; resembling a pine cone.
Pineaster,See Pinaster.
Pine-clad,Alt. of Pine-crowned
Pine-crowned,Clad or crowned with pine trees; as  pine-clad hills.
Pineries,of Pinery
Pinery,A pine forest; a grove of pines.
Piney,See Piny.
Pinfeathered,Having part  or all of the feathers imperfectly developed.
Pinfish,The sailor's choice (Diplodus  / Lagodon rhomboides).
Pinged,of Ping
Pinging,of Ping
Pingle,A small piece of inclosed ground.
Pingster,See Pinkster.
Pinguicula,See Butterwort.
Pinguid,Fat; unctuous; greasy.
Pinguidinous,Containing fat; fatty.
Pinguitude,Fatness; a growing fat; obesity.
Pinhold,A place where a pin is fixed.
Piningly,In a pining manner; droopingly.
Pinioned,of Pinion
Pinioning,of Pinion
Pinionist,Any winged creature.
Pink,A vessel with a very narrow stern; -- called also pinky.
Pinked,of Pink
Pinking,of Pink
Pink-eyed,Having small eyes.
Pinkish,Somewhat pink.
Pinkness,Quality or state of being pink.
Pinkster,Whitsuntide.
Pink stern,See Chebacco  and 1st Pink.
Pink-sterned,Having a very narrow stern; -- said of a vessel.
Pinky,See 1st Pink.
Pinnae,of Pinna
Pinnas,of Pinna
Pinnacled,of Pinnacle
Pinnacling,of Pinnacle
Pinnage,Poundage of cattle. See Pound.
Pinnate,Alt. of Pinnated
Pinnately,In a pinnate manner.
Pinnatilobate,Having lobes arranged in a pinnate manner.
Pinner,One who  or that which pins or fastens as with pins.
Pinnet,A pinnacle.
Pinniform,Shaped like a fin or feather.
Pinnigrada,Same as Pinnipedia.
Pinniped,One of the Pinnipedia; a seal.
Pinnipedes,Same as Steganopodes.
Pinnock,The hedge sparrow.
Pinnothere,A crab of the genus pinnotheres. See Oyster crab  under Oyster.
Pinnulae,of Pinnula
Pinnula,Same as Pinnule.
Pinnulated,Having pinnules.
Pinpatch,The common English periwinkle.
Pintados,of Pintado
Pintle,A little pin.
Pinule,One of the sights of an astrolabe.
Pinxter,See Pinkster.
Piny,Abounding with pines.
Pioneered,of Pioneer
Pioneering,of Pioneer
Pioner,A pioneer.
Piony,See Peony.
Piot,The magpie.
Piously,In a pious manner.
Pipped,of Pip
Pipping,of Pip
Pipas,of Pipa
Pipal tree,Same as Peepul tree.
Piped,of Pipe
Piping,of Pipe
Pipeclay,To whiten or clean with pipe clay  as a soldier's accouterments.
Pipelayer,Alt. of Pipe layer
Pipelaying,Alt. of Pipe laying
Piper,See Pepper.
Piperidge,Same as Pepperidge.
Pipestem,The hollow stem or tube of a pipe used for smoking tobacco  etc.
Pipevine,The Dutchman's pipe. See under Dutchman.
Pipistrel,Alt. of Pipistrelle
Pipkin,A small earthen boiler.
Pippul tree,Same as Peepul tree.
Pipras,of Pipra
Piprine,Of or pertaining to the pipras  or the family Pipridae.
Pipy,Like a pipe; hollow-stemmed.
Piquancy,The quality or state of being piquant.
Piquantly,In a piquant manner.
Piqued,of Pique
Piquing,of Pique
Piqueer,See Pickeer.
Piqueerer,See Pickeerer.
Piquet,See Picket.
Piracies,of Piracy
Piracy,The act or crime of a pirate.
Piragua,See Pirogue.
Pirai,Same as Piraya.
Pirarucu,Same as Arapaima.
Pirated,of Pirate
Pirating,of Pirate
Piratic,Piratical.
Pirie,See Pirry.
Piririgua,A South American bird (Guira guira) allied to the cuckoos.
Pirl,To spin  as a top.
Pirogue,A dugout canoe; by extension  any small boat.
Pirouette,A whirling or turning on the toes in dancing.
Pirouetted,of Pirouette
Pirouetting,of Pirouette
Pirry,Alt. of Pirrie
Pirrie,A rough gale of wind.
Pisasphaltum,See Pissasphalt.
Pisay,See Pise.
Piscary,The right or privilege of fishing in another man's waters.
Piscation,Fishing; fishery.
Piscator,A fisherman; an angler.
Piscatorial,Alt. of Piscatory
Piscatory,Of or pertaining to fishes or fishing.
Pisces,The twelfth sign of the zodiac  marked / in almanacs.
Piscicapture,Capture of fishes  as by angling.
Piscicultural,Relating to pisciculture.
Pisciculture,Fish culture. See under Fish.
Pisciculturist,One who breeds fish.
Pisciform,Having the form of a fish; resembling a fish.
Piscinal,Belonging to a fishpond or a piscina.
Piscine,Of or pertaining to a fish or fishes; as  piscine remains.
Piscivorous,Feeding or subsisting on fish.
Pish,An exclamation of contempt.
Pishu,The Canada lynx.
Pismire,An ant  or emmet.
Pisolitic,Composed of  containing or resembling pisolite.
Pisophalt,Pissasphalt.
Piss,To discharge urine  to urinate.
Pist,See Piste.
Pistacite,Epidote.
Pistareen,An old Spanish silver coin of the value of about twenty cents.
Pistazite,Same as Pistacite.
Pistel,Alt. of Pistil
Pistil,An epistle.
Pistic,Pure; genuine.
Pistillation,The act of pounding or breaking in a mortar; pestillation.
Pistillida,of Pistillidium
Pistillidium,Same as Archegonium.
Pistilliferous,Pistillate.
Pistillody,The metamorphosis of other organs into pistils.
Pistoled,of Pistol
Pistoling,of Pistol
Pistolade,A pistol shot.
Pistoleer,One who uses a pistol.
Pistolet,A small pistol.
Pitted,of Pit
Pitting,of Pit
Pitapat,In a flutter; with palpitation or quick succession of beats.
Pitched,of Pitch
Pitching,of Pitch
Pitch-black,Black as pitch or tar.
Pitch-dark,Dark as a pitch; pitch-black.
Pitcherfuls,of Pitcherful
Pitcherful,The quantity a pitcher will hold.
Pitchiness,Blackness  as of pitch; darkness.
Pitch-ore,Pitchblende.
Pitchwork,The work of a coal miner who is paid by a share of his product.
Pitchy,Partaking of the qualities of pitch; resembling pitch.
Piteous,Pious; devout.
Pitfalling,Entrapping; insnaring.
Pithful,Full of pith.
Pithily,In a pithy manner.
Pithiness,The quality or state of being pithy.
Pithless,Destitute of pith  or of strength; feeble.
Pit-hole,A pit; a pockmark.
Pithsome,Pithy; robust.
Pitier,One who pities.
Pitmen,of Pitman
Pitman,One who works in a pit  as in mining in sawing timber etc.
Pitpat,See Pitapat.
Pittle-pattle,To talk unmeaningly; to chatter or prattle.
Pituite,Mucus  phlegm.
Pities,of Pity
Pity,Piety.
Pitied,of Pity
Pitying,of Pity
Pityroid,Having the form of  or resembling bran.
Piu,A little more; as  piu allegro a little more briskly.
Pivoted,of Pivot
Pivoting,of Pivot
Pix,See Pyx.
Pixies,of Pixie
Pixy,Alt. of Pixie
Pixie,An old English name for a fairy; an elf.
Pixy-led,Led by pixies; bewildered.
Pizzle,The penis; -- so called in some animals  as the bull.
Placableness,The quality of being placable.
Placard,A public proclamation; a manifesto or edict issued by authority.
Placarded,of Placard
Placarding,of Placard
Placate,Same as Placard  4 & 5.
Placated,of Placate
Placating,of Placate
Placation,The act of placating.
Placed,of Place
Placing,of Place
Placebo,The first antiphon of the vespers for the dead.
Placeful,In the appointed place.
Placeless,Having no place or office.
Placemen,of Placeman
Placement,The act of placing  or the state of being placed.
Placentae,of Placenta
Placentas,of Placenta
Placentiferous,Having or producing a placenta.
Placentious,Pleasing; amiable.
Place-proud,Proud of rank or office.
Placer,One who places or sets.
Placidity,The quality or state of being placid; calmness; serenity.
Placidly,In a placid manner.
Placidness,The quality or state of being placid.
Placit,A decree or determination; a dictum.
Placitory,Of or pertaining to pleas or pleading  in courts of law.
Placita,of Placitum
Placoderm,One of the Placodermi.
Placodermal,Of or pertaining to the placoderms; like the placoderms.
Placodermata,Same as Placodermi.
Placoganoid,Pertaining to the Placoganoidei.
Placoidian,One of the placoids.
Plagae,of Plaga
Plaga,A stripe of color.
Plagate,Having plagae  or irregular enlongated color spots.
Plage,A region; country.
Plagiarism,The act or practice of plagiarizing.
Plagiarized,of Plagiarize
Plagiarizing,of Plagiarize
Plagiary,To commit plagiarism.
Plagiaries,of Plagiary
Plagiocephalic,Having an oblique lateral deformity of the skull.
Plagiocephaly,Oblique lateral deformity of the skull.
Plagiostomatous,Same as Plagiostomous.
Plagiostome,One of the Plagiostomi.
Plagiostomous,Of or pertaining to the Plagiostomi.
Plagiotremata,Same as Lepidosauria.
Plagiotropic,Having the longer axis inclined away from the vertical line.
Plagium,Manstealing; kidnaping.
Plagose,Fond of flogging; as  a plagose master.
Plagued,of Plague
Plaguing,of Plague
Plagueless,Free from plagues or the plague.
Plaguer,One who plagues or annoys.
Plaguily,In a plaguing manner; vexatiously; extremely.
Plaided,Of the material of which plaids are made; tartan.
Plaiding,Plaid cloth.
Plain,To lament; to bewail; to complain.
Plained,of Plain
Plaining,of Plain
Plainant,One who makes complaint; the plaintiff.
Plain-hearted,Frank; sincere; artless.
Plainly,In a plain manner; clearly.
Plainness,The quality or state of being plain.
Plainsman,One who lives in the plains.
Plaintive,Repining; complaining; lamenting.
Plaintless,Without complaint; unrepining.
Plaisance,See Pleasance.
Plaise,See Plaice.
Plaister,See Plaster.
Plait,A flat fold; a doubling  as of cloth; a pleat; as a box plait.
Plaited,of Plait
Plaiting,of Plait
Plaiter,One who  or that which plaits.
Planned,of Plan
Planning,of Plan
Planariae,of Planaria
Planarian,One of the Planarida  or Dendrocoela; any turbellarian worm.
Planarida,A division of Turbellaria; the Dendrocoela.
Planarioid,Like the planarians.
Planary,Of or pertaining to a plane.
Planch,A plank.
Planched,of Planch
Planching,of Planch
Plancher,A floor of wood; also  a plank.
Planchette,A circumferentor. See Circumferentor.
Plane,Any tree of the genus Platanus.
Planed,of Plane
Planing,of Plane
Plane table,See under Plane  a.
Planetarium,An orrery. See Orrery.
Planeted,Belonging to planets.
Planetic,Alt. of Planetical
Planetical,Of or pertaining to planets.
Planetoid,A body resembling a planet; an asteroid.
Planetoidal,Pertaining to a planetoid.
Plane tree,Same as 1st Plane.
Planet-stricken,Alt. of Planet-struck
Planet-struck,Affected by the influence of planets; blasted.
Planetule,A little planet.
Plangency,The quality or state of being plangent; a beating sound.
Plangent,Beating; dashing  as a wave.
Plani-,Alt. of Plano-
Planifolious,Flat-leaved.
Planimetric,Alt. of Planimetrical
Planimetrical,Of or pertaining to planimetry.
Planipennate,Of or pertaining to Planipennia.
Planipetalous,Having flat petals.
Planished,of Planish
Planishing,of Planish
Planisher,One who  or that which planishes.
Planispheric,Of or pertaining to a planisphere.
Planked,of Plank
Planking,of Plank
Planless,Having no plan.
Planner,One who plans; a projector.
Planoblast,Any free-swimming gonophore of a hydroid; a hydroid medusa.
Plano-conical,Plane or flat on one side  and conical on the other.
Plano-horizontal,Having a level horizontal surface or position.
Planometry,The art or process of producing or gauging a plane surface.
Plano-orbicular,Plane or flat on one side  and spherical on the other.
Plano-subulate,Smooth and awl-shaped. See Subulate.
Planted,of Plant
Planting,of Plant
Plantable,Capable of being planted; fit to be planted.
Plantal,Belonging to plants; as  plantal life.
Plant-eating,Eating  or subsisting on plants; as a plant-eating beetle.
Planticle,A young plant  or plant in embryo.
Plantigrade,Walking on the sole of the foot; pertaining to the plantigrades.
Plantless,Without plants; barren of vegetation.
Plantlet,A little plant.
Plantocracy,Government by planters; planters  collectively.
Planulae,of Planula
Plash,A small pool of standing water; a puddle.
Plashed,of Plash
Plashing,of Plash
Plashet,A small pond or pool; a puddle.
Plashy,Watery; abounding with puddles; splashy.
Plasmatic,Alt. of Plasmatical
Plasmatical,Forming; shaping; molding.
Plasmation,The act of forming or molding.
Plasmator,A former; a fashioner.
Plasmature,Form; mold.
Plasmic,Of  pertaining to or connected with plasma; plasmatic.
Plasmodia,of Plasmodium
Plasson,The albuminous material composing the body of a cytode.
Plastered,of Plaster
Plastering,of Plaster
Plasterer,One who applies plaster or mortar.
Plasterly,Resembling plaster of Paris.
Plastery,Of the nature of plaster.
Plastical,See Plastic.
Plastically,In a plastic manner.
Plasticity,The quality or state of being plastic.
Plastid,Alt. of Plastide
Plastidozoa,Same as Protoza.
Plastidule,One of the small particles or organic molecules of protoplasm.
Plastography,The art of forming figures in any plastic material.
Platted,of Plat
Platting,of Plat
Plat,To form by interlaying interweaving; to braid; to plait.
Platan,The plane tree.
Platanist,The soosoo.
Platanus,A genus of trees; the plane tree.
Plated,of Plate
Plating,of Plate
Plateaux,of Plateau
Plateaus,of Plateau
Platefuls,of Plateful
Plateful,Enough to fill a plate; as much as a plate will hold.
Plate-gilled,Having flat  or leaflike gills as the bivalve mollusks.
Platel,A small dish.
Platetrope,One of a pair of a paired organs.
Plathelminth,One of the Platyelminthes.
Plathelminthes,Same as Platyelminthes.
Platin,See Platen.
Platina,Platinum.
Platiniferous,Yielding platinum; as  platiniferous sand.
Platinized,of Platinize
Platinizing,of Platinize
Platinize,To cover or combine with platinum.
Platinode,A cathode.
Platinoid,Resembling platinum.
Platinotype,A permanent photographic picture or print in platinum black.
Platitudinize,To utter platitudes or truisms.
Platly,Flatly. See Plat  a.
Platness,Flatness.
Platometer,See Planimeter.
Platonic,Alt. of Platonical
Platonical,Of or pertaining to Plato  or his philosophy school or opinions.
Platonically,In a Platonic manner.
Platonism,The doctrines or philosophy by Plato or of his followers.
Platonist,One who adheres to the philosophy of Plato; a follower of Plato.
Platonized,of Platonize
Platonizing,of Platonize
Platonize,To adopt the opinion of Plato or his followers.
Platonizer,One who Platonizes.
Platt,See Lodge  n.
Platter,One who plats or braids.
Platter-faced,Having a broad  flat face.
Platy,Like a plate; consisting of plates.
Platycephalic,Alt. of Platycephalous
Platycephalous,Broad-headed.
Platycnemic,Of  relating to or characterized by platycnemism.
Platycnemism,Lateral flattening of the tibia.
Platyhelmia,Same as Platyelminthes.
Platypod,An animal having broad feet  or a broad foot.
Platypoda,Same as Prosobranchiata.
Platypus,The duck mole. See under Duck.
Platyrhine,Having the nose broad; -- opposed to leptorhine.
Plaud,To applaud.
Plaudit,A mark or expression of applause; praise bestowed.
Plauditory,Applauding; commending.
Plausibility,Something worthy of praise.
Plausible,Worthy of being applauded; praiseworthy; commendable; ready.
Plausibleize,To render plausible.
Plausibleness,Quality of being plausible.
Plausibly,In a plausible manner.
Plausive,Applauding; manifesting praise.
Played,of Play
Playing,of Play
Playbook,A book of dramatic compositions; a book of the play.
Playday,A day given to play or diversion; a holiday.
Playfellow,A companion in amusements or sports; a playmate.
Playfere,A playfellow.
Playgame,Play of children.
Playgoer,One who frequents playhouses  or attends dramatic performances.
Playgoing,Frequenting playhouses; as  the playgoing public.
Playhouse,A building used for dramatic exhibitions; a theater.
Playmaker,A playwright.
Playmate,A companion in diversions; a playfellow.
Playsome,Playful; wanton; sportive.
Playte,See Pleyt.
Plaything,A thing to play with; a toy; anything that serves to amuse.
Playtime,Time for play or diversion.
Playwright,A maker or adapter of plays.
Playwriter,A writer of plays; a dramatist; a playwright.
Plaza,A public square in a city or town.
Pleached,of Pleach
Pleaching,of Pleach
Pleaded,of Plead
Plead,of Plead
Pled,of Plead
Pleading,of Plead
Pleader,One who pleads; one who argues for or against; an advotate.
Pleadingly,In a pleading manner.
Pleasance,Pleasure; merriment; gayety; delight; kindness.
Pleasantly,In a pleasant manner.
Pleasantness,The state or quality of being pleasant.
Pleasantries,of Pleasantry
Pleasant-tongued,Of pleasing speech.
Pleased,of Please
Pleasing,of Please
Pleaseman,An officious person who courts favor servilely; a pickthank.
Pleaser,One who pleases or gratifies.
Pleasured,of Pleasure
Pleasuring,of Pleasure
Pleasureful,Affording pleasure.
Pleasureless,Devoid of pleasure.
Pleasurer,A pleasure seeker.
Pleasurist,A person devoted to worldly pleasure.
Pleat,See Plait.
Plebe,The common people; the mob.
Plebeian,Of or pertaining to the Roman plebs  or common people.
Plebeiance,Plebeianism.
Plebeianism,The quality or state of being plebeian.
Plebeianized,of Plebeianize
Plebeianizing,of Plebeianize
Plebeianize,To render plebeian  common or vulgar.
Plebification,A rendering plebeian; the act of vulgarizing.
Plebiscitary,Of or pertaining to plebiscite.
Plectile,Woven; plaited.
Plectognath,Of or pertaining to the Plectognathi.
Plectognathic,Alt. of Plec-tognathous
Plec-tognathous,Of or pertaining to the Plectognathi.
Plectospondylous,Of or pertaining to the Plectospondyli.
Plectra,of Plectrum
Pledged,of Pledge
Pledging,of Pledge
Pledgeless,Having no pledge.
Pledgeor,Alt. of Pledgor
Pledger,One who pledges.
Pledgery,A pledging; suretyship.
Pledget,A small plug.
Plegepoda,Same as Infusoria.
Pleiad,One of the Pleiades.
Plein,Plan.
Pleiocene,See Pliocene.
Pleiosaurus,Same as Pliosaurus.
Plenal,Full; complete; as  a plenal view or act.
Plenarily,In a plenary manner.
Plenariness,Quality or state of being plenary.
Plenarty,The state of a benefice when occupied.
Plene,Full; complete; plenary.
Plenicorn,A ruminant having solid horns or antlers  as the deer.
Plenilunary,Of or pertaining to the full moon.
Plenilune,The full moon.
Plenipotence,Alt. of Plenipotency
Plenipotency,The quality or state of being plenipotent.
Plenipotent,Possessing full power.
Plenipotentiaries,of Plenipotentiary
Plenish,To replenish.
Plenishing,Household furniture; stock.
Plenist,One who holds that all space is full of matter.
Plenitudinarian,A plenist.
Plenitudinary,Having plenitude; full; complete; thorough.
Plentevous,Plenteous.
Plenties,of Plenty
Pleochroic,Having the property of pleochroism.
Pleochromatic,Pleochroic.
Pleochromatism,Pleochroism.
Pleochroous,Pleochroic.
Pleomorphous,Having the property of pleomorphism.
Pleonast,One who is addicted to pleonasm.
Pleonaste,A black variety of spinel.
Pleonastic,Alt. of Pleonastical
Pleonastically,In a pleonastic manner.
Pleopods,of Pleopod
Pleopoda,of Pleopod
Plerome,The central column of parenchyma in a growing stem or root.
Plerophory,Fullness; full persuasion.
Plesance,Pleasance.
Plesh,A pool; a plash.
Plesiomorphous,Nearly alike in form.
Plesiosaur,One of the Plesiosauria.
Plesiosaurian,A plesiosaur.
Plesiosauri,of Plesiosaurus
Plessimeter,See Pleximeter.
Plete,To plead.
Plethoretic,Plethoric.
Plethorical,Plethoric.
Plethory,Plethora.
Plethra,of Plethrum
Plethron,Alt. of Plethrum
Pleura,pl. of Pleuron.
Pleurae,of Pleura
Pleuras,of Pleura
Pleuralgia,Pain in the side or region of the ribs.
Pleurapophyses,of Pleurapophysis
Pleuric,Pleural.
Pleurite,Same as Pleuron.
Pleuritic,Alt. of Pleuritical
Pleuritical,Of or pertaining to pleurisy; as  pleuritic symptoms.
Pleuritis,Pleurisy.
Pleuroeranchiae,of Pleurobranchia
Pleurobranchia,Same as Pleurobranch.
Pleurocarp,Any pleurocarpic moss.
Pleurocarpic,Alt. of Pleurocarpous
Pleuron,One of the sides of an animal.
Pleuronectoid,Pertaining to the Pleuronectidae  or Flounder family.
Pleuropericardial,Of or pertaining to the pleura and pericardium.
Pleuroperipneumony,Pleuropneumonia.
Pleuroptera,A group of Isectivora  including the colugo.
Pleurostea,of Pleurosteon
Pleurosteon,The antero-lateral piece which articulates the sternum of birds.
Pleurothotonus,A species of tetanus  in which the body is curved laterally.
Pleurotomae,of Pleurotoma
Pleurotomas,of Pleurotoma
Plevin,A warrant or assurance.
Plexiform,Like network; complicated.
Plexus,of Plexus
Plexuses,of Plexus
Pley,See Play.
Pleyt,An old term for a river boat.
Plicate,Alt. of Plicated
Plicated,Plaited; folded like a fan; as  a plicate leaf.
Plication,A folding or fold; a plait.
Plicature,A fold; a doubling; a plication.
Plied,imp. & p. p. of Ply.
Pliform,In the form of a ply  fold or doubling.
Plight,imp. & p. p. of Plight  to pledge.
Plighted,of Plight
Plighting,of Plight
Plighter,One who  or that which plights.
Plim,To swell  as grain or wood with water.
Ploc,A mixture of hair and tar for covering the bottom of a ship.
Plodded,of Plod
Plodding,of Plod
Plod,To travel slowly but steadily; to trudge.
Plodder,One who plods; a drudge.
Plot,A small extent of ground; a plat; as  a garden plot.
Plotted,of Plot
Plotting,of Plot
Plotful,Abounding with plots.
Pletinian,Of pertaining to the Plotinists or their doctrines.
Plot-proof,Secure against harm by plots.
Plotter,One who plots or schemes; a contriver; a conspirator; a schemer.
Plough,See Plow.
Plow,Alt. of Plough
Plowed,of Plough
Ploughed,of Plough
Plowing,of Plough
Ploughing,of Plough
Plowable,Alt. of Ploughable
Ploughable,Capable of being plowed; arable.
Plowbote,Alt. of Ploughbote
Plowboy,Alt. of Ploughboy
Ploughboy,A boy that drives or guides a team in plowing; a young rustic.
Plower,Alt. of Plougher
Plougher,One who plows; a plowman; a cultivator.
Plowfoot,Alt. of Ploughfoot
Plowgang,Alt. of Ploughgang
Ploughgang,Same as Plowgate.
Plowgate,Alt. of Ploughgate
Ploughgate,The Scotch equivalent of the English word plowland.
Plowhead,Alt. of Ploughhead
Ploughhead,The clevis or draught iron of a plow.
Plowland,Alt. of Plougland
Plougland,Land that is plowed  or suitable for tillage.
Plowman,Alt. of Ploughman
Plowpoint,Alt. of Ploughpoint
Ploughpoint,A detachable share at the extreme front end of the plow body.
Plowshare,Alt. of Ploughshare
Plowtail,Alt. of Ploughtail
Ploughtail,The hind part or handle of a plow.
Plowwright,Alt. of Ploughwright
Ploughwright,One who makes or repairs plows.
Ploy,Sport; frolic.
Plucked,of Pluck
Plucking,of Pluck
Pluck,To pull; to draw.
Plucker,One who  or that which plucks.
Pluckily,In a plucky manner.
Pluckiness,The quality or state of being plucky.
Pluckless,Without pluck; timid; faint-hearted.
Pluff,To throw out  as smoke dust etc. in puffs.
Plugged,of Plug
Plugging,of Plug
Plugger,One who  or that which plugs.
Plumae,of Pluma
Pluma,A feather.
Plumage,The entire clothing of a bird.
Plumassary,A plume or collection of ornamental feathers.
Plumassier,One who prepares or deals in ornamental plumes or feathers.
Plumbed,of Plumb
Plumbing,of Plumb
Plumbage,Leadwork
Plumbago,Same as Graphite.
Plumbean,Alt. of Plumbeous
Plumbeous,Consisting of  or resembling lead.
Plumber block,A pillow block.
Plumbery,The business of a plumber.
Plumbiferous,Producing or containing lead.
Plumbum,The technical name of lead. See Lead.
Plumed,of Plume
Pluming,of Plume
Plumeless,Without plumes.
Plumelet,A small plume.
Plumery,Plumes  collectively or in general; plumage.
Plumicorn,An ear tuft of feathers  as in the horned owls.
Plumigerous,Feathered; having feathers.
Plumiliform,Having the of a plume or feather.
Plumiped,Having feet covered with feathers.
Plummy,Of the nature of a plum; desirable; profitable; advantageous.
Plumose,Alt. of Plumous
Plumous,Having feathers or plumes.
Plumosite,Same as Jamesonite.
Plumosity,The quality or state of being plumose.
Plumped,of Plump
Plumping,of Plump
Plumply,Fully; roundly; plainly; without reserve.
Plumpness,The quality or state of being plump.
Plumpy,Plump; fat; sleek.
Plumule,of Plumula
Plumula,A plumule.
Plumulaceous,Downy; bearing down.
Plumular,Relating to a plumule.
Plumularlae,of Plumularia
Plumularias,of Plumularia
Plumularian,Any Plumularia. Also used adjectively.
Plumy,Covered or adorned with plumes  or as with plumes; feathery.
Plundered,of Plunder
Plundering,of Plunder
Plunderage,The embezzlement of goods on shipboard.
Plunderer,One who plunders or pillages.
Plunged,of Plunge
Plunging,of Plunge
Plunger,One who  or that which plunges; a diver.
Pluralism,The quality or state of being plural  or in the plural number.
pluralities,of Plurality
Pluralization,The act of pluralizing.
Pluralized,of Pluralize
Pluralizing,of Pluralize
Pluralizer,A pluralist.
Plurally,In a plural manner or sense.
Plurifarious,Of many kinds or fashions; multifarious.
Plurifoliolate,Having several or many leaflets.
Pluriliteral,Consisting of more letters than three.
Plurilocular,Having several cells or loculi
Pluriparous,Producing several young at a birth; as  a pluriparous animal.
Pluripartite,Deeply divided into several portions.
Pluripresence,Presence in more places than one.
Plurisy,Superabundance; excess; plethora.
Plushy,Like plush; soft and shaggy.
Plutarchy,Plutocracy; the rule of wealth.
Pluteal,Of or pertaining to a pluteus.
Plutei,of Pluteus
Pluteuses,of Pluteus
Plutocratic,Of or pertaining to plutocracy; as  plutocratic ideas.
Plutology,The science which treats of wealth.
Plutonian,Plutonic.
Pluvial,Of or pertaining to rain; rainy.
Pluviameter,See Pluviometer.
Pluviametrical,See Pluviometrical.
Pluvian,The crocodile bird.
Pluviometrical,Of or pertaining to a pluviometer; determined by a pluviometer.
Pluvious,Abounding in rain; rainy; pluvial.
Plying,of Ply
Ply,To bend.
Plyer,One who  or that which plies
Plyght,See Plight.
Pneometer,A spirometer.
Pneumatic,Alt. of Pneumatical
Pneumatocele,A distention of the scrotum by air; also  hernia of the lungs.
Pneumatological,Of or pertaining to pneumatology.
Pneumatologist,One versed in pneumatology.
Pneumatometry,See Spirometry.
Pneumatophore,One of the Pneumonophora.
Pneumatothorax,See Pneumothorax.
Pneumogastric,Of or pertaining to the lungs and the stomach.
Pneumograph,Same as Pneumatograph.
Pneumography,A description of the lungs.
Pneumology,The science which treats of the lungs.
Pneumometer,A spirometer.
Pneumometry,Measurement of the capacity of the lungs for air.
Pneumonia,Inflammation of the lungs.
Pneumonic,Of or pertaining to the lungs; pulmonic.
Pneumonitic,Of or pertaining to pneumonitis.
Pneumonitis,Inflammation of the lungs; pneumonia.
Pneumonometer,A spirometer; a pneumometer.
Pneumony,See Pneumonia.
Pneumootoka,Same as Sauropsida.
Pnigalion,Nightmare.
Poached,of Poach
Poaching,of Poach
Poachiness,The state of being poachy; marshiness.
Poak,Alt. of Poake
Pocan,The poke (Phytolacca decandra); -- called also pocan bush.
Pochard,See Poachard.
Pockarred,See Pockmarked.
Pock-broken,Broken out  or marked with smallpox; pock-fretten.
Pocketed,of Pocket
Pocketing,of Pocket
Pocketfuls,of Pocketful
Pock-fretten,See Pockmarked.
Pockiness,The state of being pocky.
Pockmark,A mark or pit made by smallpox.
Pockmarked,Marked by smallpox; pitted.
Pock-pitted,Pockmarked; pitted.
Pockwood,Lignum-vitae.
Pocky,Full of pocks; affected with smallpox or other eruptive disease.
Pocock,Peacock.
Pococurante,A careless person; a trifler.
Pococurantism,Carelessness; apathy; indifference.
Pocoson,Low  wooded grounds or swamps in Eastern Maryland and Virginia.
Poculent,Fit for drink.
Poculiform,Having the shape of a goblet or drinking cup.
Pod,A bag; a pouch.
Podded,of Pod
Podding,of Pod
Podagric,Alt. of Podagrical
Podagrical,Pertaining to the gout; gouty; caused by gout.
Podagrous,Gouty; podagric.
Podalgia,pain in the foot  due to gout rheumatism etc.
Podarthra,of Podarthrum
Podder,One who collects pods or pulse.
Podetia,of Podetium
Podetiums,of Podetium
Podge,A puddle; a plash.
Podgy,Fat and short; pudgy.
Podical,Anal; -- applied to certain organs of insects.
Podiceps,See Grebe.
Podia,of Podium
Podley,A young coalfish.
Podobranchiae,of Podobranchia
Podobranchia,Same as Podobranch.
Podocarp,A stem  or footstalk supporting the fruit.
Podocephalous,Having a head of flowers on a long peduncle  or footstalk.
Podogynium,Same as Basigynium
Podophthalmic,Alt. of Podophthalmous
Podophthalmous,Having the eyes on movable footstalks  or pedicels.
Podophthalmite,The eyestalk of a crustacean.
Podophyllous,Having thin  flat leaflike locomotive organs.
Podoscaph,A canoe-shaped float attached to the foot  for walking on water.
Podosperm,The stalk of a seed or ovule.
Podothecae,of Podotheca
Podotheca,The scaly covering of the foot of a bird or reptile.
Podrida,A miscellaneous dish of meats. See Olla-podrida.
Podurae,of Podura
Poduras,of Podura
Podurid,Any species of Podura or allied genera.
Poe,Same as Poi.
Poebird,The parson bird.
Poecile,Same as Poicile.
Poecilopod,One of the Poecilopoda. Also used adjectively.
Poematic,Pertaining to a poem  or to poetry; poetical.
Poenology,See Penology.
Poetastry,The works of a poetaster.
Poetess,A female poet.
Poetic,Alt. of Poetical
Poetically,In a poetic manner.
Poetics,The principles and rules of the art of poetry.
Poeticule,A poetaster.
Poetized,of Poetize
Poetizing,of Poetize
Poetize,To write as a poet; to compose verse; to idealize.
Poetship,The state or personality of a poet.
Poggy,See Porgy.
Pogy,The menhaden.
Poh,An exclamation expressing contempt or disgust; bah !
Pohagen,See Pauhaugen.
Poicile,Alt. of Poecile
Poignant,Pricking; piercing; sharp; pungent.
Poignantly,In a poignant manner.
Poikilitic,See Poecilitic.
Poikilothermal,Alt. of Poikilothermic
Poikilothermic,Having a varying body temperature. See Homoiothermal.
Poikilothermous,Poikilothermal.
Poind,To impound  as cattle.
Poinder,The keeper of a cattle pound; a pinder.
Point,To appoint.
Pointed,of Point
Pointing,of Point
Pointal,The pistil of a plant.
Point d'appui,See under Appui.
Point-device,Alt. of Point-devise
Point-devise,Uncommonly nice and exact; precise; particular.
Pointel,See Pointal.
Pointer,One who  or that which points.
Pointingstock,An object of ridicule or scorn; a laughingstock.
Pointlessly,Without point.
Pointleted,Having a small  distinct point; apiculate.
Pointrel,A graving tool.
Pointsman,A man who has charge of railroad points or switches.
Poise,Weight; gravity; that which causes a body to descend; heaviness.
Poised,of Poise
Poising,of Poise
Poiser,The balancer of dipterous insects.
Poisoned,of Poison
Poisoning,of Poison
Poisonable,Capable of poisoning; poisonous.
Poisoner,One who poisons.
Poisonsome,Poisonous.[Obs.] Holland.
Poisure,Weight.
Poitrel,The breastplate of the armor of a horse. See Peytrel.
Poize,See Poise.
Pokal,A tall drinking cup.
Poked,of Poke
Poking,of Poke
Pokebag,The European long-tailed titmouse; -- called also poke-pudding.
Poker,One who pokes.
Poket,A pocket.
Pokeweed,See Poke  the plant.
Pokey,See Poky.
Poky,Confined; cramped.
Polack,A Polander.
Polacre,Same as Polacca  1.
Polander,A native or inhabitant of Poland; a Pole.
Polarchy,See Polyarchy.
Polaric,See Polar.
Polarily,In a polary manner; with polarity.
Polarimetry,The art or process of measuring the polarization of light.
Polaris,The polestar. See North star  under North.
Polariscopy,The art or rocess of making observations with the polariscope.
Polarizable,Susceptible of polarization.
Polarized,of Polarize
Polarizing,of Polarize
Polarize,To communicate polarity to.
Polary,Tending to a pole; having a direction toward a pole.
Poldway,A kind of coarse bagging  -- used for coal sacks.
Pole,A native or inhabitant of Poland; a Polander.
Poled,of Pole
Poling,of Pole
Poleax,Alt. of Poleaxe
Poledavy,A sort of coarse canvas; poldway.
Poleless,Without a pole; as  a poleless chariot.
Polemical,Polemic; controversial; disputatious.
Polemicist,A polemic.
Polemist,A polemic.
Polemy,Warfare; war; hence  contention; opposition.
Poler,One who poles.
Polestar,Polaris  or the north star. See North star under North.
Polewards,Toward a pole of the earth.
Poley,See Poly.
Policate,Same as Pollicate.
Policed,of Police
Policing,of Police
Policemen,of Policeman
Policeman,A member of a body of police; a constable.
Policial,Relating to the police.
Policied,Policed.
Policies,of Policy
Policy,Civil polity.
Policying,of Policy
Polish,Of or pertaining to Poland or its inhabitants.
Polished,of Polish
Polishing,of Polish
Polishable,Capable of being polished.
Polishedness,The quality of being polished.
Polishment,The act of polishing  or the state of being polished.
Polite,Smooth; polished.
Politely,In a polished manner; so as to be smooth or glossy.
Politeness,High finish; smoothness; burnished elegance.
Politesse,Politeness.
Political,Having  or conforming to a settled system of administration.
Politicalism,Zeal or party spirit in politics.
Politically,In a political manner.
Politicaster,A petty politician; a pretender in politics.
Politicist,A political writer.
Politicly,In a politic manner; sagaciously; shrewdly; artfully.
Politize,To play the politician; to dispute as politicians do.
Politure,Polish; gloss. [Obs.] Donne.
Polities,of Polity
Polive,A pulley.
Poll,A parrot; -- familiarly so called.
Polled,of Poll
Polling,of Poll
Pollage,A head or poll tax; hence  extortion.
Pollarded,of Pollard
Pollarding,of Pollard
Pollax,A poleax.
Pollen,Fine bran or flour.
Pollenarious,Consisting of meal or pollen.
Pollened,Covered with pollen.
Polleniferous,Producing pollen; polliniferous.
Pollenin,A substance found in the pollen of certain plants.
Pollenized,of Pollenize
Pollenizing,of Pollenize
Pollenize,To supply with pollen; to impregnate with pollen.
Pollices,of Pollex
Pollicitation,A voluntary engagement  or a paper containing it; a promise.
Pollinate,Pollinose.
Pollinctor,One who prepared corpses for the funeral.
Polliniferous,Producing pollen; polleniferous.
Pollinia,of Pollinium
Pollinium,A coherent mass of pollen  as in the milkweed and most orchids.
Pollinose,Having the surface covered with a fine yellow dust  like pollen.
Polliwig,Alt. of Polliwog
Polliwog,A tadpole; -- called also purwiggy and porwigle.
Polluted,of Pollute
Polluting,of Pollute
Polluter,One who pollutes.
Polly,A woman's name; also  a popular name for a parrot.
Pollywog,A polliwig.
Polonaise,Of or pertaining to the Poles  or to Poland.
Polonese,See Polonaise.
Polony,A kind of sausage made of meat partly cooked.
Polron,See Pauldron.
Polt,A blow or thump.
Polt-foot,Alt. of Polt-footed
Polt-footed,Having a distorted foot  or a clubfoot or clubfeet.
Poltroon,An arrant coward; a dastard; a craven; a mean-spirited wretch.
Poltroonery,Cowardice; want of spirit; pusillanimity.
Poltroonish,Resembling a poltroon; cowardly.
Polwig,A polliwig. Holland.
Polyacoustic,Multiplying or magnifying sound.
Polyacoustics,The art of multiplying or magnifying sounds.
Polyacra,of Polyacron
Polyacrons,of Polyacron
Polyacron,A solid having many summits or angular points; a polyhedron.
Polyadelphian,Alt. of Polyadelphous
Polyandrian,Polyandrous.
Polyanthuses,of Polyanthus
Polyarchist,One who advocates polyarchy; -- opposed to monarchist.
Polyarchy,A government by many persons  of whatever order or class.
Polycarpic,Alt. of Polycarpous
Polycarpous,Bearing fruit repeatedly  or year after year.
Polychoerany,A government by many chiefs  princes or rules.
Polychord,Having many strings.
Polychroism,Same as Pleochroism.
Polychromate,A salt of a polychromic acid.
Polychromatic,Showing a variety  or a change of colors.
Polychrome,Esculin; -- so called in allusion to its fluorescent solutions.
Polychromic,Polychromatic.
Polychromous,Of or pertaining to polychromy; many-colored; polychromatic.
Polychronious,Enduring through a long time; chronic.
Polyconic,Pertaining to  or based upon many cones.
Polycotyledon,A plant that has many  or more than two cotyledons in the seed.
Polycracy,Government by many rulers; polyarchy.
Polycystid,One of the Polycystidea.
Polycystine,Pertaining to the Polycystina.
Polydactylism,The possession of more that the normal number of digits.
Polydipsia,Excessive and constant thirst occasioned by disease.
Polyedron,See Polyhedron.
Polyedrous,See Polyhedral.
Polyeidism,The quality or state of being polyeidic.
Polyembryonate,Consisting of  or having several embryos; polyembryonic.
Polyembryonic,Polyembryonate.
Polyfoil,Same as Multifoil.
Polygamian,Polygamous.
Polygamist,One who practices polygamy  or maintains its lawfulness.
Polygamize,To practice polygamy; to marry several wives.
Polygastrian,One of the Polygastrica.
Polygastrica,The Infusoria.
Polygenesis,Alt. of Polygeny
Polygenic,Of or relating to polygeny; polygenetic.
Polyglottous,Speaking many languages; polyglot.
Polygonal,Having many angles.
Polygoneutic,Having two or more broods in a season.
Polygonous,Polygonal.
Polygony,Any plant of the genus Polygonum.
Polygram,A figure consisting of many lines.
Polygraphic,Alt. of Polygraphical
Polygraphy,Much writing; writing of many books.
Polygyn,A plant of the order Polygynia.
Polygynia,A Linnaean order of plants having many styles.
Polygynian,Alt. of Polygynous
Polygynous,Having many styles; belonging to the order Polygynia.
Polygynist,One who practices or advocates polygyny.
Polyhedral,Alt. of Polyhedrical
Polyhedrical,Having many sides  as a solid body.
Polyhedrons,of Polyhedron
Polyhedra,of Polyhedron
Polyhedron,A body or solid contained by many sides or planes.
Polyhedrous,Polyhedral.
Polyhistor,One versed in various learning.
Polyhymnia,The Muse of lyric poetry.
Polyiodide,A iodide having more than one atom of iodine in the molecule.
Polylogy,Talkativeness.
Polyloquent,Garrulous; loquacious.
Polymastism,The condition of having more than two mammae  or breasts.
Polymathist,One versed in many sciences; a person of various learning.
Polymathy,The knowledge of many arts and sciences; variety of learning.
Polymerous,Having many parts or members in each set.
Polymnia,See Polyhymnia.
Polymorphic,Polymorphous.
Polymorphism,Same as Pleomorphism.
Polymorphy,Existence in many forms; polymorphism.
Poly-mountain,Same as Poly  n.
Polymyodae,Same as Oscines.
Polymyodous,Polymyoid.
Polynemoid,Of or pertaining to the polynemes  or the family Polynemidae.
Polynesians,The race of men native in Polynesia.
Polynia,The open sea supposed to surround the north pole.
Polynuclear,Containing many nuclei.
Polynucleolar,Having more than one nucleolus.
Polyommatous,Having many eyes.
Polyonomous,Having many names or titles; polyonymous.
Polyonomy,The use of a variety of names for the same object.
Polyonym,An object which has a variety of names.
Polyonymous,Polyonomous.
Polyoptron,Alt. of Polyoptrum
Polyp,One of the feeding or nutritive zooids of a hydroid or coral.
Polyparous,Producing or bearing a great number; bringing forth many.
Polyparies,of Polypary
Polypary,Same as Polypidom.
Polype,See Polyp.
Polypean,Of or pertaining to a polyp  or polyps.
Polyphagy,The practice or faculty of subsisting on many kinds of food.
Polypharmacy,The act or practice of prescribing too many medicines.
Polyphonic,Having a multiplicity of sounds.
Polyphonism,Polyphony.
Polyphonist,A proficient in the art of multiplying sounds; a ventriloquist.
Polyphonous,Same as Polyphonic.
Polyphony,Multiplicity of sounds  as in the reverberations of an echo.
Polyphore,A receptacle which bears many ovaries.
Polyphyllous,Many-leaved; as  a polyphyllous calyx or perianth.
Polypi,The Anthozoa.
Polypide,One of the ordinary zooids of the Bryozoa.
Polypier,A polypidom.
Polypifera,The Anthozoa.
Polypiferous,Bearing polyps  or polypites.
Polypiparous,Producing polyps.
Polyplacophora,See Placophora.
Polypode,A plant of the genus Polypodium; polypody.
Polypody,Any plant of the genus Polypodium.
Polypomedusae,Same as Hydrozoa.
Polyporous,Having many pores.
Polypori,of Polyporus
Polypragmatic,Alt. of Polypragmatical
Polypragmatical,Overbusy; officious.
Polypragmaty,The state of being overbusy.
Polypterus,An African genus of ganoid fishes including the bichir.
Polypuses,of Polypus
Polypus,Same as Polyp.
Polyrhizous,Having numerous roots  or rootlets.
Polysepalous,Having the sepals separate from each other.
Polyspermous,Containing many seeds; as  a polyspermous capsule or berry.
Polysporous,Containing many spores.
Polystome,Having many mouths.
Polysulphuret,A polysulphide.
Polysyllabic,Alt. of Polysyllabical
Polysyllabicism,Polysyllabism.
Polysyllabicity,Polysyllabism.
Polysyllabism,The quality or state of being polysyllabic.
Polysynthetic,Characterized by polysynthesis; agglutinative.
Polsyntheticism,Polysynthesis.
Polytechnical,Polytechnic.
Polytechnics,The science of the mechanic arts.
Polytheism,The doctrine of  or belief in a plurality of gods.
Polytheistic,Alt. of Polytheistical
Polytheize,To adhere to  advocate or inculcate the doctrine of polytheism.
Polythelism,The condition of having more than two teats  or nipples.
Polytocous,Bearing fruit repeatedly  as most perennial plants; polycarpic.
Polytomy,A division into many members.
Polytungstate,A salt of polytungstic acid.
Polytyped,of Polytype
Polytyping,of Polytype
Polyvalent,Multivalent.
Polyve,A pulley.
Polyzoa,Same as Bryozoa. See Illust. under Bryozoa  and Phylactolaemata.
Polyzoan,Any species of Polyzoa; one of the Polyzoa.
Polyzoaria,of Polyzoarium
Polyzoarium,Same as Polyzoary.
Polyzoary,The compound organism of a polyzoan.
Polyzonal,Consisting of many zones or rings.
Pomaceous,Like an apple or pear; producing pomes.
Pomade,Cider.
Pomander,A perfume to be carried with one  often in the form of a ball.
Pomarine,Having the nostril covered with a scale.
Pomel,A pommel.
Pomelo,A variety of shaddock  called also grape fruit.
Pomely,Dappled.
Pomewater,A kind of sweet  juicy apple.
Pomeys,of Pomey
Pomiferous,Bearing pomes  or applelike fruits.
Pommage,See Pomage.
Pomme blanche,The prairie turnip. See under Prairie.
Pommel,A knob or ball; an object resembling a ball in form
Pommeled,of Pommel
Pommelled,of Pommel
Pommeling,of Pommel
Pommelling,of Pommel
Pommelion,The cascabel  or hindmost knob of a cannon.
Pomological,Of or pertaining to pomology.
Pomologist,One versed in pomology; one who culticvates fruit trees.
Pomona,The goddess of fruits and fruit trees.
Pompatic,Pompous.
Pompelmouses,of Pompelmous
Pompelmous,A shaddock  esp. one of large size.
Pompet,The ball formerly used to ink the type.
Pompholyx,Impure zinc oxide.
Pompillion,An ointment or pomatum made of black poplar buds.
Pompion,See Pumpion.
Pompire,A pearmain.
Pompoleon,See Pompelmous.
Pompon,Any trifling ornament for a woman's dress or bonnet.
Pomposities,of Pomposity
Pomposity,The quality or state of being pompous; pompousness.
Pomposo,Grand and dignified; in grand style.
Pomptine,See Pontine.
Pomwater,Same as Pomewater.
Ponchos,of Poncho
Pondered,of Ponder
Pondering,of Ponder
Ponder,To weigh.
Ponderability,The quality or state of being ponderable.
Ponderable,Capable of being weighed; having appreciable weight.
Ponderance,Weight; gravity.
Ponderary,Of or pertaining to weight; as  a ponderary system.
Ponderate,To consider; to ponder.
Ponderation,The act of weighing.
Ponderer,One who ponders.
Ponderosities,of Ponderosity
Ponderously,In a ponderous manner.
Ponderousness,The quality or state of being ponderous; ponderosity.
Pone,A kind of johnnycake.
Ponent,Western; occidental.
Pongee,A fabric of undyed silk from India and China.
Ponghee,A Buddhist priest of the higher orders in Burmah.
Pongo,Any large ape; especially  the chimpanzee and the orang-outang.
Poniarded,of Poniard
Poniarding,of Poniard
Ponibility,The capability of being placed or located.
Pontes,of Pons
Pontage,A duty or tax paid for repairing bridges.
Pontic,Of or pertaining to the Pontus  Euxine or Black Sea.
Pontifices,of Pontifex
Pontifex,A high priest; a pontiff.
Pontiff,A high priest.
Pontific,Relating to  or consisting of pontiffs or priests.
Pontificality,The state and government of the pope; the papacy.
Pontifically,In a pontifical manner.
Pontifice,Bridgework; structure or edifice of a bridge.
Pontificial,Papal; pontifical.
Pontifician,Of or pertaining to the pontiff or pope.
Pontil,Same as Pontee.
Pontile,Of or pertaining to the pons Varolii. See Pons.
Pontlevis,The action of a horse in rearing repeatedly and dangerously.
Ponton,See Pontoon.
Pontooning,The act  art or process of constructing pontoon bridges.
Ponty,See Pontee.
Ponies,of Pony
Pony,A small horse.
Pookoo,A red African antelope (Kobus Vardoni) allied to the water buck.
Pooled,of Pool
Pooling,of Pool
Pooler,A stick for stirring a tan vat.
Poop,See 2d Poppy.
Pooped,of Poop
Pooping,of Poop
Poorbox,A receptacle in which money given for the poor is placed.
Poorliness,The quality or state of being poorly; ill health.
Poor-spirited,Of a mean spirit; cowardly; base.
Poor-willie,The bar-tailed godwit.
Popped,of Pop
Popping,of Pop
Pope,Any ecclesiastic  esp. a bishop.
Popedom,The place  office or dignity of the pope; papal dignity.
Popeling,A petty or deputy pope.
Popet,A puppet.
Popinjay,The green woodpecker.
Poplexy,Apoplexy.
Poplitic,Popliteal.
Poppet,See Puppet.
Poppied,Mingled or interspersed with poppies.
Poppies,of Poppy
Populacy,Populace.
Popularities,of Popularity
Popularization,The act of making popular  or of introducing among the people.
Popularized,of Popularize
Popularizing,of Popularize
Popularizer,One who popularizes.
Popularness,The quality or state of being popular; popularity.
Populate,Populous.
Populated,of Populate
Populating,of Populate
Population,The act or process of populating; multiplication of inhabitants.
Populator,One who populates.
Populicide,Slaughter of the people.
Populosity,Populousness.
Poraille,Poor people; the poor.
Porcelain,Purslain.
Porcelaneous,Alt. of Porcellaneous
Porcelanous,Alt. of Porcellanous
Porcellanous,Porcelaneous.
Porcine,Of or pertaining to swine; characteristic of the hog.
Pored,of Pore
Poring,of Pore
Poreblind,Nearsighted; shortsighted; purblind.
Porer,One who pores.
Porgies,of Porgy
Porgy,The scup.
Poriferan,One of the Polifera.
Poriferata,The Polifera.
Poriform,Resembling a pore  or small puncture.
Poriness,Porosity.
Porismatic,Alt. of Porismatical
Porismatical,Of or pertaining to a porism; poristic.
Poristic,Alt. of Poristical
Poristical,Of or pertaining to a porism; of the nature of a porism.
Porite,Any coral of the genus Porites  or family Poritidae.
Pork,The flesh of swine  fresh or salted used for food.
Porker,A hog.
Porket,A young hog; a pig.
Porkling,A pig; a porket.
Pornerastic,Lascivious; licentious.
Porosity,The quality or state of being porous; -- opposed to density.
Porotic,A medicine supposed to promote the formation of callus.
Porously,In a porous manner.
Porousness,The quality of being porous.
Porpentine,Porcupine.
Porpesse,A porpoise.
Porphyraceous,Porphyritic.
Porphyre,Porphyry.
Porphyrite,A rock with a porphyritic structure; as  augite porphyrite.
Porphyrization,The act of porphyrizing  or the state of being porphyrized.
Porphyries,of Porphyry
Porpus,A porpoise.
Porraceous,Resembling the leek in color; greenish.
Porrect,Extended horizontally; stretched out.
Porrection,The act of stretching forth.
Porret,A scallion; a leek or small onion.
Ported,of Port
Porting,of Port
Portae,of Porta
Portability,The quality or state of being portable; fitness to be carried.
Portableness,The quality or state of being portable; portability.
Portace,See Portass.
Portage,A sailor's wages when in port.
Portance,See Port  carriage demeanor.
Portass,A breviary; a prayer book.
Portative,Portable.
Portcluse,A portcullis.
Portcrayon,A metallic handle with a clasp for holding a crayon.
Portcullised,of Portcullis
Portcullising,of Portcullis
Portegue,See Portague.
Portemonnaie,A small pocketbook or wallet for carrying money.
Portended,of Portend
Portending,of Portend
Portension,The act of foreshowing; foreboding.
Portentive,Presaging; foreshadowing.
Porteress,See Portress.
Porterhouse,A house where porter is sold.
Portesse,See Porteass.
Portfolio,A portable case for holding loose papers  prints drawings etc.
Portglave,A sword bearer.
Portgreve,Alt. of Portgrave
Porthole,An embrasure in a ship's side. See 3d Port.
Porthook,One of the iron hooks to which the port hinges are attached.
Porthors,See Portass.
Porticoes,of Portico
Porticos,of Portico
Porticoed,Furnished with a portico.
Portiere,A curtain hanging across a doorway.
Portigue,See Portague.
Portingal,Of or pertaining to Portugal; Portuguese.
Portioned,of Portion
Portioning,of Portion
Portioner,One who portions.
Portionless,Having no portion.
Portise,See Portass.
Portlast,The portoise. See Portoise.
Portmen,of Portman
Portmanteaus,of Portmanteau
Portmantle,A portmanteau.
Portmote,In old English law  a court or mote held in a port town.
Portoise,The gunwale of a ship.
Portos,See Portass.
Portraitist,A portrait painter.
portrayed,of Portray
Portraying,of Portray
Portrayal,The act or process of portraying; description; delineation.
Portrayer,One who portrays.
Portreeve,A port warden.
Portress,A female porter.
Portsale,Public or open sale; auction.
Portuary,A breviary.
Portuguese,Of or pertaining to Portugal  or its inhabitants.
Portulaca,A genus of polypetalous plants; also  any plant of the genus.
Porwigle,See Polliwig.
Pory,Porous; as  pory stone. [R.] Dryden.
Posed,of Pose
Posing,of Pose
Posied,Inscribed with a posy.
Posingly,So as to pose or puzzle.
Posited,of Posit
Positing,of Posit
Positional,Of or pertaining to position.
Positivist,A believer in positivism.
Positivity,Positiveness.
Positure,See Posture.
Posnet,A little basin; a porringer; a skillet.
Posologic,Alt. of Posological
Posological,Pertaining to posology.
Posology,The science or doctrine of doses; dosology.
Poss,To push; to dash; to throw.
Posse,See Posse comitatus.
Possessed,of Possess
Possessing,of Possess
Possession,The act or state of possessing  or holding as one's own.
Possessionary,Of or pertaining to possession; arising from possession.
Possessioner,A possessor; a property holder.
Possessive,Of or pertaining to possession; having or indicating possession.
Possessively,In a possessive manner.
Posseted,of Posset
Posseting,of Posset
Possibilities,of Possibility
Possum,An opossum.
Post,Hired to do what is wrong; suborned.
Posted,of Post
Posting,of Post
Postable,Capable of being carried by  or as by post.
Postact,An act done afterward.
Postanal,Situated behind  or posterior to the anus.
Postboy,One who rides post horses; a position; a courier.
Postcavae,of Postcava
Postcava,The inferior vena cava.
Postcomminion,The concluding portion of the communion service.
Postcornua,of Postcornu
Postcornu,The posterior horn of each lateral ventricle of the brain.
Postdated,of Postdate
Postdating,of Postdate
Postdiluvial,Alt. of Postdiluvian
Postdiluvian,Being or happening after the flood in Noah's days.
Postel,Apostle.
Postencephalon,The metencephalon.
Poster,A large bill or placard intended to be posted in public places.
Posteriorly,Subsequently in time; also  behind in position.
Posteriors,The hinder parts  as of an animal's body.
Postexist,To exist after; to live subsequently.
Postexistence,Subsequent existence.
Postexistent,Existing or living after.
Postfact,Relating to a fact that occurs after another.
Postfactum,Same as Postfact.
Postfixes,of Postfix
Postfurcae,of Postfurca
Postglenoid,Situated behind the glenoid fossa of the temporal bone.
Posthaste,Haste or speed in traveling  like that of a post or courier.
Posthetomy,Circumcision.
Posthume,Alt. of Posthumed
Posthumed,Posthumous.
Posthumously,In a posthumous manner; after one's decease.
Postic,Backward.
Postticous,Posterior.
Postiled,of Postil
Postilled,of Postil
Postiling,of Postil
Postilling,of Postil
Postillate,To explain by marginal notes; to postil.
Postillation,The act of postillating; exposition of Scripture in preaching.
Posttiller,See Postiler.
Postliminiar,Contrived  done or existing subsequently.
Postliminiary,Pertaining to  or involving the right of postliminium.
Postliminium,Alt. of Postliminy
Postlude,A voluntary at the end of a service.
Postmen,of Postman
Postman,A post or courier; a letter carrier.
Postmarked,of Postmark
Postmarking,of Postmark
Postmasters-general,of Postmaster-general
Postmastership,The office of postmaster.
Post-mortem,After death; as  post-mortem rigidity.
Postnares,The posterior nares. See Nares.
Postnate,Subsequent.
Post-obit,Alt. of Post-obit bond
Postoblongata,The posterior part of the medulla oblongata.
Postocular,Same as Postorbital.
Post office,See under 4th Post.
Postoral,Situated behind  or posterior to the mouth.
Postpaid,Having the postage prepaid  as a letter.
Postpalatine,Situated behind the palate  or behind the palatine bones.
Postponed,of Postpone
Postponing,of Postpone
Postponence,The act of postponing  in sense 2.
Postponer,One who postpones.
Postposed,of Postpose
Postposing,of Postpose
Postpose,To postpone.
Postposit,To postpone.
Postposition,The act of placing after  or the state of being placed after.
Postpositional,Of or pertaining to postposition.
Postremogeniture,The right of the youngest born.
Postremote,More remote in subsequent time or order.
Postrider,One who rides over a post road to carry the mails.
Postscapular,Of or pertaining to the postscapula; infraspinous.
Postscribe,To make a postscript.
Postscripted,Having a postscript; added in a postscript.
Postsphenoid,Of or pertaining to the posterior part of the sphenoid bone.
Posttertiary,Following  or more recent than the Tertiary; Quaternary.
Post-tragus,A ridge within and behind the tragus in the ear of some animals.
Postulant,One who makes a request or demand; hence  a candidate.
Postulated,of Postulate
Postulating,of Postulate
Postulatory,Of the nature of a postulate.
Postulata,of Postulatum
Postulatum,A postulate.
Postumous,See Posthumous.
Postural,Of or pertaining to posture.
Postured,of Posture
Posturing,of Posture
Posturer,One who postures.
Postzygapophyses,of Postzygapophysis
Postzygapophysis,A posterior zygapophysis.
Posies,of Posy
Potted,of Pot
Potting,of Pot
Potable,Fit to be drunk; drinkable.
Potableness,The quality of being drinkable.
Potage,See Pottage.
Potager,A porringer.
Potagro,See Potargo.
Potale,The refuse from a grain distillery  used to fatten swine.
Potamography,An account or description of rivers; potamology.
Potamospongiae,The fresh-water sponges. See Spongilla.
Potargo,A kind of sauce or pickle.
Potashes,Potash.
Potassa,Potassium oxide.
Pottassic,Pertaining to  or containing potassium.
Potation,The act of drinking.
Potatoes,of Potato
Potator,A drinker.
Potatory,Of or pertaining to drinking.
Pot-bellied,Having a protuberant belly  like the bottom of a pot.
Pot-belly,A protuberant belly.
Potch,To thrust; to push.
Potcher,One who  or that which potches.
Potecary,An apothecary.
Potelot,Molybdenum sulphide.
Potence,Potency; capacity.
Potentacy,Sovereignty.
Potentially,With power; potently.
Potentiated,of Potentiate
Potentiating,of Potentiate
Potentiate,To render active or potent.
Potentized,of Potentize
Potentizing,of Potentize
Potentize,To render the latent power of (anything) available.
Potently,With great force or energy; powerfully; efficaciously.
Potestate,A chief ruler; a potentate. [Obs.] Wyclif.
Potestative,Authoritative.
Potgun,A pot-shaped cannon; a mortar.
Pothecary,An apothecary.
Potheen,See Poteen.
Pother,Bustle; confusion; tumult; flutter; bother.
Pothered,of Pother
Pothering,of Pother
Pothouse,An alehouse.
Potichomania,Alt. of Potichomanie
Potlid,The lid or cover of a pot.
Potmen,of Potman
Potman,A pot companion.
Potoo,A large South American goatsucker (Nyctibius grandis).
Potpie,A meat pie which is boiled instead of being baked.
Potpourri,A medley or mixture.
Potshard,Alt. of Potshare
Potshare,A potsherd.
Potsherd,A piece or fragment of a broken pot.
Pot-sure,Made confident by drink.
Pott,A size of paper. See under Paper.
Pottain,Old pot metal.
Potteen,See Poteen.
Potter,One whose occupation is to make earthen vessels.
Pottered,of Potter
Pottering,of Potter
Pottern,Of or pertaining to potters.
Potteries,of Pottery
Pottle,A liquid measure of four pints.
Potulent,Fit to drink; potable.
Pot-valiant,Having the courage given by drink.
Pouched,of Pouch
Pouching,of Pouch
Pouchet box,See Pouncet box.
Pouch-mouthed,Having a pouch mouth; blobber-lipped.
Pouchong,A superior kind of souchong tea.
Pouch-shell,A small British and American pond snail (Bulinus hypnorum).
Poudre,Dust; powder.
Poulaine,A long pointed shoe. See Cracowes.
Pouldavis,Same as Poledavy.
Poulder,Powder.
Pouldron,See Pauldron.
Poulp,Alt. of Poulpe
Poulpe,Same as Octopus.
Poult,A young chicken  partridge grouse or the like.
Poulter,A poulterer.
Poulterer,One who deals in poultry.
Poulticed,of Poultice
Poulticing,of Poultice
Poultive,A poultice.
Pounded,of Pounce
Pouncing,of Pounce
Pounding,of Pound
Pound,To strike repeatedly with some heavy instrument; to beat.
Pounds,of Pound
Pound-breach,The breaking of a public pound for releasing impounded animals.
Pounder,One who  or that which pounds as a stamp in an ore mill.
Pound/keeper,The keeper of a pound.
Poup,See Powp.
Poupeton,A puppet  or little baby.
Pour,Poor.
Poured,of Pour
Pouring,of Pour
Poureliche,Poorly.
Pourer,One who pours.
Pourlieu,See Purlieu.
Pourparler,A consultation preliminary to a treaty.
Pourparties,of Pourparty
Pourparty,A division; a divided share.
Pourpresture,See Purpresture.
Poursuivant,See Pursuivant.
Pourtray,See Portray.
Pourveyance,See Purveyance.
Pousse,Pulse; pease.
Poussette,A movement  or part of a figure in the contradance.
Pout,The young of some birds  as grouse; a young fowl.
Pouted,of Pout
Pouting,of Pout
Pouter,One who  or that which pouts.
Poutingly,In a pouting  or a sullen manner.
Povert,Poverty.
Powan,Alt. of Powen
Powdered,of Powder
Powdering,of Powder
Powderhorn,A horn in which gunpowder is carried.
Powdermill,A mill in which gunpowder is made.
Powdery,Easily crumbling to pieces; friable; loose; as  a powdery spar.
Powdike,A dike a marsh or fen.
Powdry,See Powdery.
Power,Same as Poor  the fish.
Powldron,Same as Pauldron.
Powp,See Poop  v. i.
Powter,See Pouter.
Powpow,A priest  or conjurer among the North American Indians.
Poxed,of Pox
Poxing,of Pox
Poy,A support; -- used in composition; as  teapoy.
Poynado,A poniard.
Poynd,Alt. of Poynder
Poynder,See Poind  Poinder.
Poy nette,A bodkin.
Poze,See 5th Pose.
Pozzuolana,Alt. of Pozzolana
Practic,Practical.
Practical,Of or pertaining to practice or action.
Practicality,The quality or state of being practical; practicalness.
Practicalness,Same as Practicality.
Practicalize,To render practical.
Practiced,of Practice
Practicing,of Practice
Practick,Practice.
Practisant,An agent or confederate in treachery.
Practise,See Practice.
Practisour,A practitioner.
Practive,Doing; active.
Prad,A horse.
Prae-,A prefix. See Pre-.
Praecava,The superior vena cava.
Praecocial,Of or pertaining to the Praecoces.
Praecoracoid,See Precoracoid.
Praecordia,The front part of the thoracic region; the epigastrium.
Praecordial,Same as Precordial.
Praecornua,of Praecornu
Praecornu,The anterior horn of each lateral ventricle of the brain.
Praedial,See Predial.
Praefloration,Same as Prefloration.
Praefoliation,Same as Prefoliation.
Praemaxilla,See Premaxilla.
Praemolar,See Premolar.
Praemorse,Same as Premorse.
Praemnire,The subject to the penalties of praemunire.
Praemunitory,See Premunitory.
Praenares,The anterior nares. See Nares.
Praenasal,Same as Prenasal.
Praenomina,of Praenomen
Praenominical,Of or pertaining to a praenomen.
Praeoperculum,Same as Preoperculum.
Praesternum,Same as Preoral  Prepubis Prescapula etc.
Praeter-,A prefix. See Preter-.
Praeterist,See Preterist.
Praetermit,See Pretermit.
Praetextae,of Praetexta
Praetextas,of Praetexta
Praetor,See Pretor.
Praetores,A division of butterflies including the satyrs.
Praetorian,See Pretorian.
Praetorium,See Pretorium.
Praezygapophysis,Same as Prezygapophysis.
Pragmatic,Alt. of Pragmatical
Pragmatically,In a pragmatical manner.
Pragmaticalness,The quality or state of being pragmatical.
Pragmatist,One who is pragmatic.
Praisable,Fit to be praised; praise-worthy; laudable; commendable.
Praisably,In a praisable manner.
Praised,of Praise
Praising,of Praise
Praiseful,Praiseworthy.
Praiseless,Without praise or approbation.
Praise-meeting,A religious service mainly in song.
Praisement,Appraisement.
Praiseer,One who praises.
Praiseworthily,In a praiseworthy manner.
Praiseworthiness,The quality or state of being praiseworthy.
Prakritic,Pertaining to Prakrit.
Pram,Alt. of Prame
Prame,See Praam.
Pranced,of Prance
Prancing,of Prance
Prance,To spring or bound  as a horse in high mettle.
Prancer,A horse which prances.
Prandial,Of or pertaining to a repast  especially to dinner.
Pranked,of Prank
Pranking,of Prank
Pranker,One who dresses showily; a prinker.
Prankish,Full of pranks; frolicsome.
Prase,A variety of cryptocrystalline of a leek-green color.
Praseolite,A variety of altered iolite of a green color and greasy luster.
Prasinous,Grass-green; clear  lively green without any mixture.
Prasoid,Resembling prase.
Prated,of Prate
Prating,of Prate
Prateful,Talkative.
Prater,One who prates.
Pratic,See Pratique.
Pratingly,With idle talk; with loquacity.
Prattled,of Prattle
Prattling,of Prattle
Prattlement,Prattle.
Prattler,One who prattles.
Pray,See Pry.
Prayed,of Pray
Praying,of Pray
Prayer,One who prays; a supplicant.
Prayerful,Given to prayer; praying much or often; devotional.
Prayingly,With supplication to God.
Preaccusation,Previous accusation.
Preace,Press.
Preached,of Preach
Preaching,of Preach
Preachership,The office of a preacher.
Preachify,To discourse in the manner of a preacher.
Preachmen,of Preachman
Preachman,A preacher; -- so called in contempt.
Preachment,A religious harangue; a sermon; -- used derogatively.
Preacquaint,To acquaint previously or beforehand.
Preacquaintance,Previous acquaintance or knowledge.
Preact,To act beforehand; to perform previously.
Preaction,Previous action.
Preadamic,Prior to Adam.
Preadamite,An inhabitant of the earth before Adam.
Preadjustment,Previous adjustment.
Preadministration,Previous administration.
Preadmonish,To admonish previously.
Preadmonition,Previous warning or admonition; forewarning.
Preadvertise,To advertise beforehand; to preannounce publicly.
Preambulate,To walk before.
Preambulation,A walking or going before; precedence.
Preambulatory,Preceding; going before; introductory.
Preambulous,See Perambulatory.
Preannounce,To announce beforehand.
Preaortic,In front  or on the ventral side of the aorta.
Preappoint,To appoint previously  or beforehand.
Preappointment,Previous appointment.
Prearm,To forearm.
Prearrange,To arrange beforehand.
Prease,To press; to crowd.
Preassurance,Previous assurance.
Preaudience,Precedence of rank at the bar among lawyers.
Prebendaryship,The office of a prebendary.
Prebendship,A prebendaryship.
Precalculate,To calculate or determine beforehand; to prearrange.
Precant,One who prays.
Precation,The act of praying; supplication; entreaty.
Preative,Alt. of Preatory
Preatory,Suppliant; beseeching.
Precautional,Precautionary.
Precautious,Taking or using precaution; precautionary.
Precedaneous,Preceding; antecedent; previous.
Preceded,of Precede
Preceding,of Precede
Precedence,Alt. of Precedency
Precedently,Beforehand; antecedently.
Precel,To surpass; to excel; to exceed.
Precellence,Alt. of Precellency
Precellency,Excellence; superiority.
Precellent,Excellent; surpassing.
Precentor,A leader of a choir; a directing singer.
Precentorship,The office of a precentor.
Precept,To teach by precepts.
Preceptial,Preceptive.
Preception,A precept.
Preceptorial,Of or pertaining to a preceptor.
Preceptory,Preceptive.
Preceptories,of Preceptory
Preceptress,A woman who is the principal of a school; a female teacher.
Precession,The act of going before  or forward.
Precessor,A predecessor.
Preciosity,Preciousness; something precious.
Precious,Of great price; costly; as  a precious stone.
Preciousness,The quality or state of being precious; costliness; dearness.
Precipe,See Praecipe  and Precept.
Precipice,A sudden or headlong fall.
Precipient,Commanding; directing.
Precipitability,The quality or state of being precipitable.
Precipitance,Alt. of Precipitancy
Precipitantly,With rash or foolish haste; in headlong manner.
Precipitantness,The quality or state of being precipitant; precipitation.
Precipitated,of Precipitate
Precipitating,of Precipitate
Precipitately,In a precipitate manner; headlong; hastily; rashly.
Precipitator,One who precipitates  or urges on with vehemence or rashness.
Precipitious,Precipitous.
Precipitous,Steep  like a precipice; as a precipitous cliff or mountain.
Precis,A concise or abridged statement or view; an abstract; a summary.
Precisian,One who limits  or restrains.
Precisianist,A precisian.
Precluded,of Preclude
Precluding,of Preclude
Preclusive,Shutting out; precluding  or tending to preclude; hindering.
Precoce,Precocious.
Precoces,Same as Praecoces.
Precociously,In a precocious manner.
Precociousness,Alt. of Precocity
Precoetanean,One contemporary with  but older than another.
Precogitate,To cogitate beforehand.
Precogita/tion,Previous cogitation.
Precognition,Previous cognition.
Precognizable,Cognizable beforehand.
Precognosce,To examine beforehand  as witnesses or evidence.
Precollection,A collection previously made.
Precomposed,of Precompose
Precomposing,of Precompose
Precompose,To compose beforehand.
Preconceit,An opinion or notion formed beforehand; a preconception.
Preconceived,of Preconceive
Preconceiving,of Preconceive
Preconcerted,of Preconcert
Preconcerting,of Preconcert
Preconcertion,The act of preconcerting; preconcert.
Precondemn,To condemn beforehand.
Precondition,A previous or antecedent condition; a preliminary condition.
Preconform,To conform by way anticipation.
Preconformity,Anticipative or antecedent conformity.
Preconizate,To proclaim; to publish; also  to summon; to call.
Preconization,A publishing by proclamation; a public proclamation.
Preconize,To approve by preconization.
Preconquer,To conquer in anticipation.
Preconscious,Of or pertaining to a state before consciousness.
Preconsent,A previous consent.
Preconsigned,of Preconsign
Preconsigning,of Preconsign
Preconsign,To consign beforehand; to make a previous consignment of.
Preconsolidated,Consolidated beforehand.
Preconstitute,To constitute or establish beforehand.
Precontracted,of Precontract
Precontracting,of Precontract
Precontract,To contract  engage or stipulate previously.
Precontrive,To contrive or plan beforehand.
Precurrer,A precursor.
Precurse,A forerunning.
Precursive,Preceding; introductory; precursory.
Precursorship,The position or condition of a precursor.
Predacean,A carnivorous animal.
Predaceous,Living by prey; predatory.
Predal,Of or pertaining to prey; plundering; predatory.
Predation,The act of pillaging.
Predatorily,In a predatory manner.
Prede,To prey; to plunder.
Predecay,Premature decay.
Predecease,To die sooner than.
Predecessive,Going before; preceding.
Predeclare,To declare or announce beforehand; to preannounce.
Prededication,A dedication made previously or beforehand.
Predefine,To define beforehand.
Predeliberation,Previous deliberation.
Predelineation,Previous delineation.
Predesign,To design or purpose beforehand; to predetermine.
Predestinarianism,The system or doctrine of the predestinarians.
Predestinary,Predestinarian.
Predestinate,Predestinated; foreordained; fated.
Predestinated,of Predestinate
Predestinating,of Predestinate
Predestination,The act of predestinating.
Predestinative,Determining beforehand; predestinating.
Predestinator,One who predestinates  or foreordains.
Predestined,of Predestine
Predestining,of Predestine
Predestine,To decree beforehand; to foreordain; to predestinate.
Predestiny,Predestination.
Predeterminable,Capable of being determined beforehand.
Predeterminate,Determined beforehand; as  the predeterminate counsel of God.
Predetermined,of Predetermine
Predermining,of Predetermine
Predetermine,To determine (something) beforehand.
Predicamental,Of or pertaining to a predicament.
Predicated,of Predicate
Predicating,of Predicate
Predicatory,Affirmative; positive.
Predicted,of Predict
Predicting,of Predict
Predictable,That may be predicted.
Prediction,The act of foretelling; also  that which is foretold; prophecy.
Predictional,Prophetic; prognostic.
Predictive,Foretelling; prophetic; foreboding.
Predictor,One who predicts; a foreteller.
Predictory,Predictive.
Predigest,To subject (food) to predigestion or artificial digestion.
Predigestion,Digestion too soon performed; hasty digestion.
Predilect,To elect or choose beforehand.
Prediscover,To discover beforehand.
Prediscovery,A previous discovery.
Predisponency,The state of being predisposed; predisposition.
Predisponent,Disposing beforehand; predisposing.
Predisposed,of Predispose
Predisposing,of Predispose
Predominancy,Predominance.
Predominantly,In a predominant manner.
Predominated,of Predominate
Predominating,of Predominate
Predomination,The act or state of predominating; ascendency; predominance.
Predoom,To foredoom.
Predy,Cleared and ready for engagement  as a ship.
Preedy,With ease.
Preef,Proof.
Preelect,To elect beforehand.
Preelection,Election beforehand.
Preeminently,In a preeminent degree.
Preemploy,To employ beforehand.
Preempted,of Preempt
Preempting,of Preempt
Preemption,The act or right of purchasing before others.
Preemptioner,One who holds a prior to purchase certain public land.
Preemtor,One who preempts; esp.  one who preempts public land.
Preemptory,Pertaining to preemption.
Preen,A forked tool used by clothiers in dressing cloth.
Preened,of Preen
Preening,of Preen
Preengaged,of Preengage
Preengaging,of Preengage
Preerect,To erect beforehand.
Prees,Press; throng.
Preestablish,To establish beforehand.
Preestablishment,Settlement beforehand.
Preeternity,Infinite previous duration.
Preexamination,Previous examination.
Preexamined,of Preexamine
Preexamining,of Preexamine
Preexamine,To examine beforehand.
Preexisted,of Preexist
Preexisting,of Preexist
Preexist,To exist previously; to exist before something else.
Preexistence,Existence in a former state  or previous to something else.
Preexistency,Preexistence.
Preexistimation,Previous esteem or estimation.
Preexpectation,Previous expectation.
Prefaced,of Preface
Prefacing,of Preface
Prefacer,The writer of a preface.
Prefatorial,Prefatory.
Prefatorily,In a prefatory manner; by way of preface.
Prefectorial,Of or pertaining to a prefect.
Prefectship,The office or jurisdiction of a prefect.
Prefecundatory,Of or pertaining to prefecundation.
Preferred,of Prefer
Preferring,of Prefer
Preferability,The quality or state of being preferable; preferableness.
Preferableness,The quality or state of being preferable.
Preferably,In preference; by choice.
Preferment,The act of choosing  or the state of being chosen; preference.
Preferrer,One who prefers.
Prefidence,The quality or state of being prefident.
Prefident,Trusting beforehand; hence  overconfident.
Prefigurate,To prefigure.
Prefiguration,The act of prefiguring  or the state of being prefigured.
Prefigurative,Showing by prefiguration.
Prefigured,of Prefigure
Prefiguring,of Prefigure
Prefine,To limit beforehand.
Prefinite,Prearranged.
Prefinition,Previous limitation.
Prefixed,of Prefix
Prefixing,of Prefix
Prefixion,The act of prefixing.
Prefloration,Aestivation.
Prefoliation,Vernation.
Preform,To form beforehand  or for special ends.
Preformation,An old theory of the preexistence of germs. Cf. Embo/tement.
Preformative,A formative letter at the beginning of a word.
Prefulgency,Superior brightness or effulgency.
Pregage,To preengage.
Preglacial,Prior to the glacial or drift period.
Pregnance,Pregnancy.
Pregnancy,The condition of being pregnant; the state of being with young.
Pregnantly,In a pregnant manner; fruitfully; significantly.
Pregravate,To bear down; to depress.
Pregravitate,To descend by gravity; to sink.
Pregustant,Tasting beforehand; having a foretaste.
Pregustation,The act of tasting beforehand; foretaste.
Prehend,To lay hold of; to seize.
Prehensi-ble,Capable of being seized.
Prehensory,Adapted to seize or grasp; prehensile.
Preindispose,To render indisposed beforehand.
Preinstructed,of Preinstruct
Preinstructing,of Preinstruct
Preinstruct,To instruct previously or beforehand.
Preintimation,Previous intimation; a suggestion beforehand.
Prejudged,of Prejudge
Prejudging,of Prejudge
Prejudgment,The act of prejudging; decision before sufficient examination.
Prejudicacy,Prejudice; prepossession.
Prejudicant,Influenced by prejudice; biased.
Prejudicate,Formed before due examination.
Prejudicated,of Prejudicate
Prejudicating,of Prejudicate
Prejudicately,With prejudice.
Prejudicative,Forming a judgment without due examination; prejudging.
Prejudice,Foresight.
Prejudiced,of Prejudice
Prejudicing,of Prejudice
Preknowledge,Prior knowledge.
Prelacies,of Prelacy
Prelal,Of or pertaining to printing; typographical.
Prelateity,Prelacy.
Prelateship,The office of a prelate.
Prelatess,A woman who is a prelate; the wife of a prelate.
Prelatial,Prelatical.
Prelatic,Alt. of Prelatical
Prelatically,In a prelatical manner; with reference to prelates.
Prelation,The setting of one above another; preference.
Prelatism,Prelacy; episcopacy.
Prelatized,of Prelatize
Prelatizing,of Prelatize
Prelatize,To bring under the influence of prelacy.
Prelatry,Prelaty; prelacy.
Prelature,Alt. of Prelatureship
Prelatureship,The state or dignity of a prelate; prelacy.
Prelaty,Prelacy.
Prelected,of Prelect
Prelecting,of Prelect
Prelect,To read publicly  as a lecture or discourse.
Prelection,A lecture or discourse read in public or to a select company.
Prelector,A reader of lectures or discourses; a lecturer.
Preliminarily,In a preliminary manner.
Preliminaries,of Preliminary
Prelimit,To limit previously.
Prelook,To look forward.
Preluded,of Prelude
Preluding,of Prelude
Preluder,One who  or that which preludes; one who plays a prelude.
Preludious,Preludial.
Prelusorily,In a prelusory way.
Prelusory,Introductory; prelusive.
Premaxillae,of Premaxilla
Premediate,To advocate.
Premeditated,of Premeditate
Premeditating,of Premeditate
Premeditately,With premeditation.
Premerit,To merit or deserve beforehand.
Premial,Alt. of Premiant
Premiant,Serving to reward; rewarding.
Premices,First fruits.
Premiership,The office of the premier.
Premillennial,Previous to the millennium.
Premious,Rich in gifts.
Premises,of Premise
Premised,of Premise
Premising,of Premise
Premiss,Premise.
Premit,To premise.
Premiums,of Premium
Premolar,Situated in front of the molar teeth.
Premonished,of Premonish
Premonishing,of Premonish
Premonish,To forewarn; to admonish beforehand.
Premonishment,Previous warning or admonition; forewarning.
Premonitor,One who  or that which gives premonition.
Premonstrant,A Premonstratensian.
Premonstrate,To show beforehand; to foreshow.
Premonstration,A showing beforehand; foreshowing.
Premonstrator,One who  or that which premonstrates.
Premorse,Terminated abruptly  or as it bitten off.
Premosaic,Relating to the time before Moses; as  premosaic history.
Premotion,Previous motion or excitement to action.
Premunire,See Praemunire.
Premunite,To fortify beforehand; to guard against objection.
Premunition,The act of fortifying or guarding against objections.
Premunitory,Of or pertaining to a premunire; as  a premunitory process.
Prenatal,Being or happening before birth.
Prender,The power or right of taking a thing before it is offered.
Prenomen,See Praenomen.
Prenominal,Serving as a prefix in a compound name.
Prenominate,Forenamed; named beforehand.
Prenomination,The act of prenominating; privilege of being named first.
Prenostic,A prognostic; an omen.
Prenote,To note or designate beforehand.
Prensation,The act of seizing with violence.
Prentice,An apprentice.
Prenticehood,Apprenticehood.
Prenticeship,Apprenticeship.
Prenunciation,The act of announcing or proclaiming beforehand.
Prenuncious,Announcing beforehand; presaging.
Preoblongata,The anterior part of the medulla oblongata.
Preobtain,To obtain beforehand.
Preoccupate,To anticipate; to take before.
Preoccupied,of Preoccupy
Preoccupying,of Preoccupy
Preominate,To ominate beforehand; to portend.
Preoperculum,The anterior opercular bone in fishes.
Preopinion,Opinion previously formed; prepossession; prejudice.
Preoption,Right of first choice.
Preorbital,Situated in front or the orbit.
Preordain,To ordain or appoint beforehand: to predetermine: to foreordain.
Preorder,To order to arrange beforehand; to foreordain.
Preordinance,Antecedent decree or determination.
Preordinate,Preordained.
Preordination,The act of foreordaining: previous determination.
Preparable,Capable of being prepared.
Preparatively,By way of preparation.
Prepare/,of Prepare
Preparing,of Prepare
Preparer,One who  or that which prepares fits or makes ready.
Prepaid,of Prepay
Prepaying,of Prepay
Prepay,To pay in advance  or beforehand; as to prepay postage.
Prepayment,Payment in advance.
Prepenial,Situated in front of  or anterior to the penis.
Prepense,To weigh or consider beforehand; to premeditate.
Prepensely,In a premeditated manner.
Prepollence,Alt. of Prepollency
Prepollent,Having superior influence or power; prevailing; predominant.
Prepollices,of Prepollent
Preponder,To preponderate.
Preponderance,Alt. of Preponderancy
Preponderated,of Preponderate
Preponderating,of Preponderate
Preponderatingly,In a preponderating manner; preponderantly.
Prepose,To place or set before; to prefix.
Prepositive,Put before; prefixed; as  a prepositive particle.
Prepositor,A scholar appointed to inspect other scholars; a monitor.
Prepositure,The office or dignity of a provost; a provostship.
Prepossessed,of Prepossess
Prepossessing,of Prepossess
Prepossess,To preoccupy  as ground or land; to take previous possession of.
Prepossession,Preoccupation; prior possession.
Prepossessor,One who possesses  or occupies previously.
Preposterous,Having that first which ought to be last; inverted in order.
Prepostor,See Prepositor.
Prepotency,The quality or condition of being prepotent; predominance.
Preprovide,To provide beforehand.
Prepuce,The foreskin.
Preputial,Of or pertaining to the prepuce.
Preraphaelism,Alt. of Preraphaelitism
Preregnant,One who reigns before another; a sovereign predecessor.
Preremote,More remote in previous time or prior order.
Prerequire,To require beforehand.
Preresolved,of Preresolve
Preresolving,of Preresolve
Preresolve,To resolve beforehand; to predetermine.
Prerogatived,Endowed with a prerogative  or exclusive privilege.
Prerogatively,By prerogative.
Presaged,of Presage
Presaging,of Presage
Presageful,Full of presages; ominous.
Presagement,The act or art of presaging; a foreboding.
Presager,One who  or that which presages; a foreteller; a foreboder.
Presagious,Foreboding; ominous.
Presbyope,One who has presbyopia; a farsighted person.
Presbyopic,Affected by presbyopia; also  remedying presbyopia; farsighted.
Presbyopy,See Presbyopia.
Presbyte,Same as Presbyope.
Presbyteral,Of or pertaining to a presbyter or presbytery; presbyterial.
Presbyterate,A presbytery; also  presbytership.
Presbyteress,A female presbyter.
Presbyterial,Presbyterian.
Presbyterium,Same as Presbytery  4.
Presbytership,The office or station of a presbyter; presbyterate.
Presbyteries,of Presbytery
Presbytery,A body of elders in the early Christian church.
Presbytia,Presbyopia.
Presbytic,Same as Presbyopic.
Presbytism,Presbyopia.
Prescapular,Of or pertaining to the prescapula; supraspinous.
Prescience,Knowledge of events before they take place; foresight.
Presciently,With prescience or foresight.
Prescind,To cut off; to abstract.
Presciendent,Foreknowing; having foreknowledge; as  prescious of ills.
Prescribed,of Prescribe
Prescribing,of Prescribe
Prescriber,One who prescribes.
Prescript,Directed; prescribed.
Prescriptibility,The quality or state of being prescriptible.
Prescriptively,By prescription.
Prescuta,of Prescutum
Preseance,Priority of place in sitting.
Preselect,To select beforehand.
Presensation,Previous sensation  notion or idea.
Presension,Previous perception.
Presented,of Present
Presenting,of Present
Presentaneous,Ready; quick; immediate in effect; as  presentaneous poison.
Presenter,One who presents.
Presential,Implying actual presence; present  immediate.
Presentiality,State of being actually present.
Presentiate,To make present.
Presentient,Feeling or perceiving beforehand.
Presentific,Making present.
Presentifical,Presentific.
Presentimental,Of nature of a presentiment; foreboding.
Presention,See Presension.
Presently,At present; at this time; now.
Presentness,The quality or state of being present; presence.
Presentoir,An ornamental tray  dish or the like used as a salver.
Preservable,Capable of being preserved; admitting of preservation.
Preservatory,Preservative.
Preservatories,of Preservatory
Preserved,of Preserve
Preserving,of Preserve
Preshow,To foreshow.
Presided,of Preside
Presiding,of Preside
Presidence,See Presidency.
Presidencies,of Presidency
President,Precedent.
Presidential,Presiding or watching over.
Presidentship,The office and dignity of president; presidency.
Presider,One who presides.
Presidial,Alt. of Presidiary
Presidiary,Of or pertaining to a garrison; having a garrison.
Presidary,A guard.
Presignification,The act of signifying or showing beforehand.
Presignified,of Presignify
Presignifying,of Presignify
Presignify,To intimate or signify beforehand; to presage.
Presphenoidal,Of or pertaining to the presphenoid bone; presphenoid.
Prespinal,Prevertebral.
Pressed,of Press
Pressing,of Press
Presser,One who  or that which presses.
Pressgang,See Press gang  under Press.
Pression,The act of pressing; pressure.
Pressirostral,Of or pertaining to the pressirosters.
Pressitant,Gravitating; heavy.
Pressive,Pressing; urgent; also  oppressive; as pressive taxation.
Pressly,Closely; concisely.
Pressmen,of Pressman
Pressman,One who manages  or attends to a press esp. a printing press.
Presspack,To pack  or prepare for packing by means of a press.
Pressurage,Pressure.
Prest,imp. & p. p. of Press.
Prestable,Payable.
Presternum,The anterior segment of the sternum; the manubrium.
Prestidigitation,Legerdemain; sleight of hand; juggling.
Prestidigitator,One skilled in legerdemain or sleight of hand; a juggler.
Prestige,Delusion; illusion; trick.
Prestigiation,Legerdemain; prestidigitation.
Prestigiator,A juggler; prestidigitator.
Prestigiatory,Consisting of impostures; juggling.
Prestigious,Practicing tricks; juggling.
Prestissimo,Very quickly; with great rapidity.
Presto,Quickly; immediately; in haste; suddenly.
Presstriction,Obstruction  dimness or defect of sight.
Presultor,A leader in the dance.
Presumably,In a presumable manner; by  or according to presumption.
Presumed,of Presume
Presuming,of Presume
Presumedly,By presumption.
Presumer,One who presumes; also  an arrogant person.
Presumingly,Confidently; arrogantly.
Presumptuously,In a presumptuous manner; arrogantly.
Presumptuousness,The quality or state of being presumptuous.
Presupposal,Presupposition.
Presupposed,of Presuppose
Presupposing,of Presuppose
Presupposition,The act of presupposing; an antecedent implication; presumption.
Presurmise,A surmise previously formed.
Pretemporal,Situated in front of the temporal bone.
Pretence,Alt. of Pretenceless
Pretenceful,Alt. of Pretenceless
Pretenceless,See Pretense  Pretenseful Pretenseless.
Pretended,of Pretend
Pretending,of Pretend
Pretend,To lay a claim to; to allege a title to; to claim.
Pretendant,A pretender; a claimant.
Pretendence,The act of pretending; pretense.
Pretendership,The character  right or claim of a pretender.
Pretendingly,As by right or title; arrogantly; presumptuously.
Pretense,Alt. of Pretence
Pretensed,Pretended; feigned.
Pretenseful,Abounding in pretenses.
Pretenseless,Not having or making pretenses.
Pretentative,Fitted for trial beforehand; experimental.
Preterhuman,More than human.
Preterient,Passed through; antecedent; previous; as  preterient states.
Preterimperfect,Old name of the tense also called imperfect.
Preterite,Same as Preterit.
Preteriteness,Same as Preteritness.
Preterition,The act of passing  or going past; the state of being past.
Preteritness,The quality or state of being past.
Preterlapsed,Past; as  preterlapsed ages.
Preterlegal,Exceeding the limits of law.
Pretermission,The act of passing by or omitting; omission.
Pretermitted,of Pretermit
Pretermitting,of Pretermit
Pretermit,To pass by; to omit; to disregard.
Preternaturalism,The state of being preternatural; a preternatural condition.
Preternaturality,Preternaturalness.
Preternaturally,In a preternatural manner or degree.
Preternaturalness,The quality or state of being preternatural.
Preterperfect,Old name of the tense also called preterit.
Preterpluperfect,Old name of the tense also called pluperfect.
Pretertiary,Earlier than Tertiary.
Pretervection,The act of carrying past or beyond.
Pretexture,A pretext.
Pretibial,Situated in front of the tibia.
Pretor,A civil officer or magistrate among the ancient Romans.
Pretorial,Pretorian.
Pretorship,The office or dignity of a pretor.
Pretorture,To torture beforehand.
Prettily,In a pretty manner.
Prettyish,Somewhat pretty.
Prettyism,Affectation of a pretty style  manner etc.
Pretty-spoken,Spoken or speaking prettily.
Pretypified,of Pretypify
Pretypifying,of Pretypify
Pretypify,To prefigure; to exhibit previously in a type.
Prevailed,of Prevail
Prevailing,of Prevail
Prevailingly,So as to prevail.
Prevailment,Prevalence; superior influence; efficacy.
Prevalency,See Prevalence.
Prevalently,In a prevalent manner.
Prevaricated,of Prevaricate
Prevaricating,of Prevaricate
Prevaricator,One who prevaricates.
Preve,To prove.
Prevenance,A going before; anticipation in sequence or order.
Prevene,To come before; to anticipate; hence  to hinder; to prevent.
Prevenience,The act of going before; anticipation.
Prevenient,Going before; preceding; hence  preventive.
Prevented,of Prevent
Preventing,of Prevent
Preventability,The quality or state of being preventable.
Preventative,That which prevents; -- incorrectly used instead of preventive.
Preventer,One who goes before; one who forestalls or anticipates another.
Preventingly,So as to prevent or hinder.
Prevention,The act of going  or state of being before.
Preventional,Tending to prevent.
Preventive,Going before; preceding.
Preventively,In a preventive manner.
Previously,Beforehand; antecedently; as  a plan previously formed.
Previse,To foresee.
Prevision,Foresight; foreknowledge; prescience.
Prevoyant,Foreseeing; prescient.
Prewarned,of Prewarn
Prewarning,of Prewarn
Prewarn,To warn beforehand; to forewarn.
Preyed,of Prey
Preying,of Prey
Preyer,One who  or that which preys; a plunderer; a waster; a devourer.
Preyful,Disposed to take prey.
Prezygapophyses,of Prezygapophysis
Prezygapophysis,An anterior zygapophysis.
Prial,A corruption of pair royal. See under Pair  n.
Pricasour,A hard rider.
Priced,of Price
Pricing,of Price
Priceite,A hydrous borate of lime  from Oregon.
Pricked,of Prick
Pricking,of Prick
Prick-eared,Having erect  pointed ears; -- said of certain dogs.
Pricket,A buck in his second year. See Note under 3d Buck.
Prickleback,Alt. of Pricklefish
Pricklefish,The stickleback.
Prickliness,The quality of being prickly  or of having many prickles.
Prickling,Prickly.
Pricklouse,A tailor; -- so called in contempt.
Prickpunch,A pointed steel punch  to prick a mark on metal.
Prickshaft,An arrow.
Pricky,Stiff and sharp; prickly.
Prided,of Pride
Priding,of Pride
Prideful,Full of pride; haughty.
Prideless,Without pride.
Pridian,Of or pertaining to the day before  or yesterday.
Pridingly,Proudly.
Prie,The plant privet.
Pried,imp. & p. p. of Pry.
Priedieu,A kneeling desk for prayers.
Prief,Proof.
Priest,A presbyter elder; a minister
Priestery,Priests  collectively; the priesthood; -- so called in contempt.
Priestess,A woman who officiated in sacred rites among pagans.
Priesthood,The office or character of a priest; the priestly function.
Priesting,The office of a priest.
Priestless,Without a priest.
Priestlike,Priestly.
Priestliness,The quality or state of being priestly.
Priest-ridden,Controlled or oppressed by priests; as  a priest-ridden people.
Prieve,To prove.
Prigged,of Prig
Prigging,of Prig
Prig,To haggle about the price of a commodity; to bargain hard.
Priggery,Priggism.
Priggish,Like a prig; conceited; pragmatical.
Priggism,The quality or state of being priggish; the manners of a prig.
Prighte,imp. of Prick.
Prill,The brill.
Prillion,Tin extracted from the slag.
Prim,The privet.
Primmed,of Prim
Primming,of Prim
Prima donnas,of Prima donna
Prime,Donne (#) (pl. ) of Prima donna
Prima donna,The first or chief female singer in an opera.
Prima facie,At first view; on the first appearance.
Primal,First; primary; original; chief.
Primality,The quality or state of being primal.
Primaries,of Primary
Primateship,The office  dignity or position of a primate; primacy.
Primatial,Primatical.
Primatical,Of or pertaining to a primate.
Primed,of Prime
Priming,of Prime
Primely,At first; primarily.
Primeness,The quality or state of being first.
Primer,One who  or that which primes
Primero,A game at cards  now unknown.
Primerole,See Primrose.
Primevally,In a primeval manner; in or from the earliest times; originally.
Primevous,Primeval.
Primigenial,First born  or first of all; original; primary. See Primogenial.
Primigenious,Alt. of Primigenous
Primigenous,First formed or generated; original; primigenial.
Primine,The outermost of the two integuments of an ovule.
Primipara,A woman who bears a child for the first time.
Primiparous,Belonging to a first birth; bearing young for the first time.
Primipilar,Of or pertaining to the captain of the vanguard of a Roman army.
Primitiae,of Primitia
Primitias,of Primitia
Primitial,Being of the first production; primitive; original.
Primitively,Originally; at first.
Primity,Quality of being first; primitiveness.
Primly,In a prim or precise manner.
Primo,First; chief.
Primogenitive,Of or pertaining to primogeniture.
Primogenitor,The first ancestor; a forefather.
Primogenitureship,The state or privileges of the firstborn.
Primordially,At the beginning; under the first order of things; originally.
Primordiate,Primordial.
Primp,To be formal or affected in dress or manners; -- often with up.
Primula,The genus of plants including the primrose (Primula vera).
Primy,Being in its prime.
Princedom,The jurisdiction  sovereignty rank or estate of a prince.
Princehood,Princeliness.
Princekin,A petty prince; a princeling.
Princeless,Without a prince.
Princelet,A petty prince.
Princelike,Princely.
Princeling,A petty prince; a young prince.
Princesslike,Like a princess.
Princified,Imitative of a prince.
Principalities,of Principality
Principally,In a principal manner; primarily; above all; chiefly; mainly.
Principalness,The quality of being principal.
Principate,Principality; supreme rule.
Principial,Elementary.
Principiant,Relating to principles or beginnings.
Principiate,To begin; to initiate.
Principiation,Analysis into primary or elemental parts.
Principle,Beginning; commencement.
Principled,of Principle
Principling,of Principle
Princock,Alt. of Princox
Princox,A coxcomb; a pert boy.
Prinked,of Prink
Prinking,of Prink
Prink,To dress or adjust one's self for show; to prank.
Prinker,One who prinks.
Prinpriddle,The long-tailed titmouse.
Printed,of Print
Printing,of Print
Printa-ble,Worthy to be published.
Printless,Making no imprint.
Printshop,A shop where prints are sold.
Priorate,The dignity  office or government of a prior.
Priorly,Previously.
Priorship,The state or office of prior; priorate.
Priories,of Priory
Pris,See Price  and 1st Prize.
Prise,An enterprise.
Priser,See 1st Prizer.
Prismatic,Alt. of Prismatical
Prismatically,In the form or manner of a prism; by means of a prism.
Prismatoidal,Having a prismlike form.
Prismoid,A body that approaches to the form of a prism.
Prismoidal,Having the form of a prismoid; as  prismoidal solids.
Prismy,Pertaining to a prism.
Prisoned,of Prison
Prisoning,of Prison
Prisoner,One who is confined in a prison.
Prisonment,Imprisonment.
Pristinate,Pristine; primitive.
Pritch,A sharp-pointed instrument; also  an eelspear.
Privacies,of Privacy
Privado,A private friend; a confidential friend; a confidant.
Privateered,of Privateer
Privateering,of Privateer
Privateersmen,of Privateersman
Privateersman,An officer or seaman of a privateer.
Privately,In a private manner; not openly; without the presence of others.
Privateness,Seclusion from company or society; retirement; privacy; secrecy.
Privative,Causing privation; depriving.
Privatively,In a privative manner; by the absence of something; negatively.
Privativeness,The state of being privative.
Privileged,of Privilege
Privileging,of Privilege
Privily,In a privy manner; privately; secretly.
Privities,of Privity
Privity,Privacy; secrecy; confidence.
Privies,of Privy
Prizable,Valuable.
Prized,of Prize
Prizing,of Prize
Prizemen,of Prizeman
Prizeman,The winner of a prize.
Prizer,One who estimates or sets the value of a thing; an appraiser.
Pro,A Latin preposition signifying for  before forth.
Proach,See Approach.
Proatlas,A vertebral rudiment in front of the atlas in some reptiles.
Probabiliorism,The doctrine of the probabiliorists.
Probabilism,The doctrine of the probabilists.
Probabilities,of Probability
Probable,Capable of being proved.
Probably,In a probable manner; in likelihood.
Probacy,Proof; trial.
Probal,Approved; probable.
Probality,Probability.
Probate,Proof.
Probation,The act of proving; also  that which proves anything; proof.
Probational,Probationary.
Probationary,Of or pertaining to probation; serving for trial.
Probationer,One who is undergoing probation; one who is on trial; a novice.
Probationership,The state of being a probationer; novitiate.
Probationship,A state of probation.
Probator,An examiner; an approver.
Probatory,Serving for trial; probationary.
Probed,of Probe
Probing,of Probe
Probeagle,See Porbeagle.
Problematic,Alt. of Problematical
Problematist,One who proposes problems.
Problematize,To propose problems.
Proboscidate,Having a proboscis; proboscidial.
Proboscidea,An order of large mammals including the elephants and mastodons.
Proboscidean,Proboscidian.
Proboscidial,Proboscidate.
Proboscidian,Pertaining to the Proboscidea.
Proboscides,of Proboscis
Procacious,Pert; petulant; forward; saucy.
Procacity,Forwardness; pertness; petulance.
Procatarctic,Beginning; predisposing; exciting; initial.
Proceeded,of Proceed
Proceeding,of Proceed
Proceeder,One who proceeds.
Proceleusmatic,Inciting; animating; encouraging.
Procellous,Stormy.
Procephalic,Pertaining to  or forming the front of the head.
Proception,Preoccupation.
Procere,Of high stature; tall.
Procerebrum,The prosencephalon.
Proceres,An order of large birds; the Ratitae; -- called also Proceri.
Procerite,The segment next to the flagellum of the antennae of Crustacea.
Procerity,Height of stature; tallness.
Processional,Of or pertaining to a procession; consisting in a procession.
Processionalist,One who goes or marches in a procession.
Processioner,One who takes part in a procession.
Processive,Proceeding; advancing.
Proces verbal,An authentic minute of an official act  or statement of facts.
Prochein,Next; nearest.
Prochronize,To antedate.
Procidence,Alt. of Procidentia
Procidentia,A falling down; a prolapsus.
Prociduous,Falling from its proper place.
Procinct,A state of complete readiness for action.
Proclaimed,of Proclaim
Proclaiming,of Proclaim
Proclaimer,One who proclaims.
Proclamation,The act of proclaiming; official or general notice; publication.
Proclive,Having a tendency by nature; prone; proclivous.
Proclivity,Inclination; propensity; proneness; tendency.
Proclivous,Inclined; tending by nature.
Procoeliae,of Procoelia
Procoelia,Same as Procoele.
Procoelous,Same as Procoelian.
Proconsular,Alt. of Proconsulary
Proconsulary,Of or pertaining of a proconsul; as  proconsular powers.
Proconsulship,Proconsulate.
Procrastinated,of Procrastinate
Procrastinating,of Procrastinate
Procrastinator,One who procrastinates  or defers the performance of anything.
Procrastinatory,Of or pertaining to procrastination; dilatory.
Procrastine,To procrastinate.
Procreated,of Procreate
Procreating,of Procreate
Procreate,To generate and produce; to beget; to engender.
Procreation,The act of begetting; generation and production of young.
Procreative,Having the power to beget; generative.
Procreativeness,The power of generating.
Procreator,One who begets; a father or sire; a generator.
Procrusteanized,of Procrusteanize
Procrusteanizing,of Procrusteanize
Procrusteanize,To stretch or contract according to some rule or standard.
Procrustesian,See Procrustean.
Proctitis,Inflammation of the rectum.
Proctodaeum,See Mesenteron.
Proctor,One who is employed to manage to affairs of another.
Proctorical,Proctorial.
Proctotomy,An incision into the rectum  as for the division of a stricture.
Procumbent,Lying down  or on the face; prone.
Procurable,Capable of being procured; obtainable.
Procuracies,of Procuracy
Procuration,The act of procuring; procurement.
Procuratorial,Of or pertaining to a procurator  or proctor; made by a proctor.
Procuratorship,The office or term of a procurator.
Procuratory,Tending to  or authorizing procuration.
Procured,of Procure
Procuring,of Procure
Procurement,The act of procuring or obtaining; obtainment; attainment.
Procuress,A female procurer  or pander.
Prodded,of Prod
Prodding,of Prod
Prodd,A crossbow. See Prod  3.
Prodigalize,To act as a prodigal; to spend liberally.
Prodigate,To squander.
Prodigence,Waste; profusion; prodigality.
Prodigious,Of the nature of a prodigy; marvelous; wonderful; portentous.
Prodigiously,Enormously; wonderfully; astonishingly; as  prodigiously great.
Prodigies,of Prodigy
Prodition,Disclosure; treachery; treason.
Proitor,A traitor.
Proditorious,Treacherous; perfidious; traitorous.
Proditory,Treacherous.
Prodrome,A forerunner; a precursor.
Prodromous,Precursory.
Prodromus,A prodrome.
Produced,of Produce
Producing,of Produce
Producement,Production.
Producent,One who produces  or offers to notice.
Producer,One who produces  brings forth or generates.
Producibility,The quality or state of being producible.
Productibility,The state of being productible; producibility.
Productible,Capable of being produced; producible.
Productile,Capable of being extended or prolonged; extensible; ductile.
Productivity,The quality or state of being productive; productiveness.
Productress,A female producer.
Proem,Preface; introduction; preliminary observations; prelude.
Proemial,Introductory; prefatory; preliminary.
Proemptosis,The addition of a day to the lunar calendar.
Proface,Much good may it do you! -- a familiar salutation or welcome.
Profanate,To profane.
Profaned,of Profane
Profaning,of Profane
Profanely,In a profane manner.
Profection,A setting out; a going forward; advance; progression.
Profectitious,Proceeding from  as from a parent; derived as from an ancestor.
Professed,of Profess
Professing,of Profess
Professedly,By profession.
Professionalist,professional person.
Professorialism,The character  manners or habits of a professor.
Professoriat,See Professoriate.
Professorship,The office or position of a professor  or public teacher.
Professory,Of or pertaining to a professor; professorial.
Proffered,of Proffer
Proffering,of Proffer
Profferer,One who proffers something.
Proficience,Alt. of Proficiency
Proficuous,Profitable; advantageous; useful.
Profile,An outline  or contour; as the profile of an apple.
Profiled,of Profile
Profiling,of Profile
Profilist,One who takes profiles.
Profiting,of Profit
Profitless,Without profit; unprofitable.
Profligate,Overthrown; beaten; conquered.
Profligately,In a profligate manner.
Profligation,Defeat; rout; overthrow.
Profluence,Quality of being profluent; course.
Profluent,Flowing forward
Profoundly,In a profound manner.
Profoundness,The quality or state of being profound; profundity; depth.
Profulgent,Shining forth; brilliant; effulgent.
Profusely,In a profuse manner.
Profuseness,Extravagance; profusion.
Profusive,Profuse; lavish; prodigal.
Progged,of Prog
Progging,of Prog
Progeneration,The act of begetting; propagation.
Progenitor,An ancestor in the direct line; a forefather.
Progenitorship,The state of being a progenitor.
Progenitress,A female progenitor.
Progeniture,A begetting  or birth.
Proglottid,Proglottis.
Proglottides,of Proglottis
Prognathic,Prognathous.
Prognathism,Projection of the jaws.
Progne,A swallow.
Prognosticable,Capable of being prognosticated or foretold.
Prognosticated,of Prognosticate
Prognosticating,of Prognosticate
Program,Same as Programme.
Programmata,of Programma
Progress,A moving or going forward; a proceeding onward; an advance
Progressed,of Progress
Progressing,of Progress
Progressist,One who makes  or holds to progress; a progressionist.
Progue,To prog.
Proheme,Proem.
Prohibited,of Prohibit
Prohibiting,of Prohibit
Prohibiter,One who prohibits or forbids; a forbidder; an interdicter.
Proin,To lop; to trim; to prune; to adorn.
Project,The place from which a thing projects  or starts forth.
Projected,of Project
Projecting,of Project
Projectile,Projecting or impelling forward; as  a projectile force.
Projection,The act of throwing or shooting forward.
Projectment,Design; contrivance; projection.
Projecture,A jutting out beyond a surface.
Projet,A plan proposed; a draft of a proposed measure; a project.
Proke,To poke; to thrust.
Prolapsion,Prolapse.
Prolapsus,Prolapse.
Prolation,The act of prolating or pronouncing; utterance; pronunciation.
Prolata,of Prolatum
Prolegate,The deputy or substitute for a legate.
Prolegomena,of Prolegomenon
Prolepsis,A figure by which objections are anticipated or prevented.
Proleptic,Alt. of Proleptical
Proleptical,Of or pertaining to prolepsis; anticipative.
Proleptically,In a proleptical manner.
Proleptics,The art and science of predicting in medicine.
Proletaneous,Having a numerous offspring.
Proletariat,The indigent class in the State; the body of proletarians.
Proletariate,The lower classes; beggars.
Proletaries,of Proletary
Proliferate,To produce or form cells; especially  to produce cells rapidly.
Prolificacy,Prolificness.
Prolifical,Producing young or fruit abundantly; fruitful; prolific.
Prolificate,To make prolific; to fertilize; to impregnate.
Prolification,The generation of young.
Prolixious,Dilatory; tedious; superfluous.
Prolixly,In a prolix manner.
Prolixness,Prolixity.
Prolled,of Proll
Prolling,of Proll
Proll,To search or prowl after; to rob; to plunder.
Proller,Prowler; thief.
Prolocutor,One who speaks for another.
Proocutorship,The office of a prolocutor.
Prolog,Prologue.
Prologize,To deliver a Prologue.
Prologizer,One who prologizes.
Prologued,of Prologue
Prologuing,of Prologue
Prolonged,of Prolong
Prolonging,of Prolong
Prolong,To extend in space or length; as  to prolong a line.
Prolongable,Capable of being prolonged; as  life is prolongable by care.
Prolongated,of Prolongate
Prolongating,of Prolongate
Prolongate,To prolong; to extend in space or in time.
Prolonger,One who  or that which causes an extension in time or space.
Prolongment,Prolongation.
Promanation,The act of flowing forth; emanation; efflux.
Promenade,A walk for pleasure  display or exercise.
Promenaded,of Promenade
Promenading,of Promenade
Promenader,One who promenades.
Promerit,To oblige; to confer a favor on.
Promethean,Of or pertaining to Prometheus. See Prometheus.
Prominence,Alt. of Prominency
Prominently,In a prominent manner.
Promiscuity,Promiscuousness; confusion.
Promiscuously,In a promiscuous manner.
Promiscuousness,The quality or state of being promiscuous.
Promised,of Promise
Promising,of Promise
Promisee,The person to whom a promise is made.
Promiser,One who promises.
Promisor,One who engages or undertakes; a promiser.
Promissive,Making a promise; implying a promise; promising.
Promissorily,In a promissory manner.
Promont,Promontory.
Promontories,of Promontory
Promerphological,Relating to promorphology; as  a promorphological conception.
Promorphologist,One versed in the science of promorphology.
Promoted,of Promote
Promoting,of Promote
Promotive,Tending to advance  promote or encourage.
Promove,To move forward; to advance; to promote.
Promover,A promoter.
Prompted,of Prompt
Prompting,of Prompt
Prompt-book,The book used by a prompter of a theater.
Promptly,In a prompt manner.
Promptness,Promptitude; readiness; quickness of decision or action.
Promptuary,Of or pertaining to preparation.
Prompture,Suggestion; incitement; prompting.
Promulgated,of Promulgate
Promulgating,of Promulgate
Promulgator,One who promulgates or publishes.
Promulged,of Promulge
Promulging,of Promulge
Promulge,To promulgate; to publish or teach.
Promulger,One who promulges or publishes what was before unknown.
Pronaos,The porch or vestibule of a temple.
Pronate,Somewhat prone; inclined; as  pronate trees.
Pronator,A muscle which produces pronation.
Prone,Bending forward; inclined; not erect.
Pronely,In a prone manner or position.
Pronephric,Of or pertaining to the pronephros.
Pronephros,Alt. of Pronephron
Pronephron,The head kidney. See under Head.
Prong,A sharp-pointed instrument.
Prongbuck,The springbuck.
Prong-hoe,A hoe with prongs to break the earth.
Pronity,Proneness; propensity.
Pronominal,Belonging to  or partaking of the nature of a pronoun.
Prononce,Strongly marked; decided  as in manners etc.
Pronotary,See Prothonotary.
Pronota,of Pronotum
Pronounced,of Pronounce
Pronounging,of Pronounce
Pronounceable,Capable of being pronounced.
Pronouncement,The act of pronouncing; a declaration; a formal announcement.
Pronouncer,One who pronounces  utters or declares; also a pronouncing book.
Pronubial,Presiding over marriage.
Pronuclei,of Pronucleus
Pronuncial,Of or pertaining to pronunciation; pronunciative.
Pronunciamiento,See Pronunciamento.
Pronunciative,Of or pertaining to pronunciation.
Pronunciator,One who pronounces; a pronouncer.
Pronunciatory,Of or pertaining to pronunciation; that pronounces.
Proofless,Wanting sufficient evidence to induce belief; not proved.
Proof-proof,Proof against proofs; obstinate in the wrong.
Proostraca,of Proostracum
Prop,A shell  used as a die. See Props.
Propped,of Prop
Propping,of Prop
Propaedeutic,Alt. of Propaedeutical
Propagated,of Propagate
Propagating,of Propagate
Propagative,Producing by propagation  or by a process of growth.
Propagator,One who propagates; one who continues or multiplies.
Propagula,of Propagulum
Propagulum,A runner terminated by a germinating bud.
Propargyl,Same as Propinyl.
Proparoxytone,A word which has the acute accent on the antepenult.
Proped,Same as Proleg.
Propelled,of Propel
Propelling,of Propel
Propeller,One who  or that which propels.
Propendency,Propensity.
Propendent,Inclining forward or toward.
Propene,Same as Propylene.
Propension,The quality or state of being propense; propensity.
Propensities,of Propensity
Propepsin,See Persinogen.
Proper,Belonging to one; one's own; individual.
Properate,To hasten  or press forward.
Properation,The act of hastening; haste.
Properispome,Properispomenon.
Properispomena,of Properispomenon
Properispomenon,A word which has the circumflex accent on the penult.
Properness,The quality of being proper.
Properties,of Property
Prophane,See Profane.
Prophasis,Foreknowledge of a disease; prognosis.
Prophecies,of Prophecy
Prophesier,A prophet.
Prophesied,of Prophesy
Prophesying,of Prophesy
Prophesy,To foretell; to predict; to prognosticate.
Prophetess,A female prophet.
Prophetic,Alt. of Prophetical
Propheticality,Propheticalness.
Prophetically,In a prophetical manner; by way of prediction.
Prophetize,To give predictions; to foreshow events; to prophesy.
Prophoric,Enunciative.
Prophragmata,of Prophragma
Prophylactical,Defending or preserving from disease; preventive.
Propice,Fit; propitious.
Propinquity,Nearness in place; neighborhood; proximity.
Propiolate,A salt of propiolic acid.
Propionate,A salt of propionic acid.
Propithecus,A genus including the long-tailed  or diadem indris. See Indris.
Propitiable,Capable of being propitiated.
Propitiated,of Propitiate
Propitiating,of Propitiate
Propitiator,One who propitiates or appeases.
Propitiatorily,By way of propitiation.
Proplasm,A mold; a matrix.
Proplastic,Forming a mold.
Proplastics,The art of making molds for castings.
Propleg,Same as Proleg.
Propodialia,of Propodiale
Propodia,of Propodium
Propodium,The anterior portion of the foot of a mollusk.
Propolis,Same as Bee glue  under Bee.
Propone,To propose; to bring forward.
Proponent,Making proposals; proposing.
Proportioned,of Proportion
Proportioning,of Proportion
Proportionably,Proportionally.
Proportionality,The state of being in proportion.
Proportionated,of Proportionate
Proportionating,of Proportionate
Proportionately,In a proportionate manner; with due proportion; proportionally.
Proportionateness,The quality or state of being proportionate.
Proportionless,Without proportion; unsymmetrical.
Proportionment,The act or process of dividing out proportionally.
Proposed,of Propose
Proposing,of Propose
Propose,To set forth.
Proposition,The act of setting or placing before; the act of offering.
Propounded,of Propound
Propounding,of Propound
Propounder,One who propounds  proposes or offers for consideration.
Proprietaries,of Proprietary
Proprietorship,The state of being proprietor; ownership.
Proprietress,A female proprietor.
Proprieties,of Propriety
Proproctor,A assistant proctor.
Propterygia,of Propterygium
Propugn,To contend for; to defend; to vindicate.
Propugnacle,A fortress.
Propugnation,Means of defense; defense.
Propugner,A defender; a vindicator.
Propulsation,The act of driving away or repelling; a keeping at a distance.
Propulse,To repel; to drive off or away.
Propulsive,Tending  or having power to propel; driving on; urging.
Propulsory,Propulsive.
Propylaea,of Propylaeum
Propylidene,See Propidene.
Propyla,of Propylon
Propylon,The porch  vestibule or entrance of an edifice.
Proratable,Capable of being prorated  or divided proportionately.
Prorated,of Prorate
Prorating,of Prorate
Prorate,To divide or distribute proportionally; to assess pro rata.
Prore,The prow or fore part of a ship.
Prorectorate,The office of prorector.
Prorenal,Pronephric.
Proreption,A creeping on.
Prorhinal,Situated in front of the nasal chambers.
Prorogate,To prorogue.
Prorogation,The act of counting in duration; prolongation.
Prorogued,of Prorogue
Proroguing,of Prorogue
Prorogue,To protract; to prolong; to extend.
Proruption,The act or state of bursting forth; a bursting out.
Prosaic,Alt. of Prosaical
Prosaism,That which is in the form of prose writing; a prosaic manner.
Prosaist,A writer of prose; an unpoetical writer.
Prosal,Of or pertaining to prose; prosaic.
Proscenia,of Proscenium
Proscenium,The part where the actors performed; the stage.
Proscolices,of Proscolex
Proscolex,An early larval form of a trematode worm; a redia. See Redia.
Proscribed,of Proscribe
Proscribing,of Proscribe
Proscriber,One who  or that which proscribes denounces or prohibits.
Proscript,A proscription; a prohibition; an interdict.
Proscriptional,Proscriptive.
Proscriptionist,One who proscribes.
Prosed,of Prose
Prosing,of Prose
Prosecutable,Capable of being prosecuted; liable to prosecution.
Prosecuted,of Prosecute
Prosecuting,of Prosecute
Prosecutor,One who prosecutes or carries on any purpose  plan or business.
Prosecutrix,A female prosecutor.
Proselyted,of Proselyte
Proselyting,of Proselyte
proselytized,of Proselytize
Proselytizing,of Proselytize
Proselytizer,One who proselytes.
Proseman,A writer of prose.
Proseminary,A seminary which prepares pupils for a higher institution.
Prosemination,Propagation by seed.
Prosencephalic,Of or pertaining to the prosencephalon.
Proser,A writer of prose.
Prosiliency,The act of leaping forth or forward; projection.
Prosily,In a prosy manner.
Prosimetrical,Consisting both of prose and verse.
Prosimiae,Same as Lemuroidea.
Prosiness,The quality or state of being prosy; tediousness; tiresomeness.
Prosingly,Prosily.
Proslavery,Favoring slavery.
Prosobranch,One of the Prosobranchiata.
Prosocoele,The entire cavity of the prosencephalon.
Prosocoelle,of Prosocoelia
Prosocoelia,Same as Prosocoele.
Prosodiacal,Prosodical.
Prosodiacally,Prosodically.
Prosodial,Prosodical.
Prosodian,A prosodist.
Prosodical,Of or pertaining to prosody; according to the rules of prosody.
Prosdist,One skilled in prosody.
Prosomata,of Prosoma
Prosopalgia,Facial neuralgia.
Prosopocephala,Same as Scaphopoda.
Prospected,of Prospect
Prospecting,of Prospect
Prospectively,In a prospective manner.
Prospectiveness,Quality of being prospective.
Prospectless,Having no prospect.
Prospered,of Prosper
Prospering,of Prosper
Prosper,To favor; to render successful.
Prosperous,Tending to prosperity; favoring; favorable; helpful.
Prospicience,The act of looking forward.
Prostatic,Of or pertaining to the prostate gland.
Prostatitis,Inflammation of the prostate.
Prosternation,Dejection; depression.
Prosternum,The ventral plate of the prothorax of an insect.
Prostibulous,Of or pertaining to prostitutes or prostitution; meretricious.
Prostituted,of Prostitute
Prostituting,of Prostitute
Prostomia,of Prostomium
Prostrated,of Prostrate
Prostrating,of Prostrate
Prostyle,Having columns in front.
Prosy,Of or pertaining to prose; like prose.
Protandrous,Proterandrous.
Protasis,A proposition; a maxim.
Protean,Of or pertaining to Proteus; characteristic of Proteus.
Proteanly,In a protean manner.
Protected,of Protect
Protecting,of Protect
Protectingly,By way of protection; in a protective manner.
Protectionism,The doctrine or policy of protectionists. See Protection  4.
Protectionist,One who favors protection. See Protection  4.
Protective,Affording protection; sheltering; defensive.
Protectiveness,The quality or state of being protective.
Protectorial,Same as Protectoral.
Protectorless,Having no protector; unprotected.
Protectorship,The office of a protector or regent; protectorate.
Protectress,Alt. of Protectrix
Protectrix,A woman who protects.
Protege,Alt. of Protegee
Protegee,One under the care and protection of another.
Proteiform,Changeable in form; resembling a Proteus  or an amoeba.
Proteinaceous,Of or related to protein; albuminous; proteid.
Proteinous,Proteinaceuos.
Protended,of Protend
Protending,of Protend
Protend,To hold out; to stretch forth.
Protense,Extension.
Protension,A drawing out; extension.
Protensive,Drawn out; extended.
Proterandry,The condition of being proterandrous.
Protervity,Peevishness; petulance.
Protested,of Protest
Protesting,of Protest
Protestancy,Protestantism.
Protestantical,Protestant.
Protestantly,Like a Protestant; in conformity with Protestantism.
Protestator,One who makes protestation; a protester.
Protester,One who protests; one who utters a solemn declaration.
Protestingly,By way of protesting.
Prothalamion,Alt. of Prothalamium
Prothalamium,A song in celebration of a marriage.
Prothallia,of Prothallium
Prothallium,Same as Prothallus.
Prothalli,of Prothallus
Prothesis,A credence table; -- so called by the Eastern or Greek Church.
Prothetic,Of or pertaining to prothesis; as  a prothetic apparatus.
Prothonotary,Alt. of Protonotary
Protonotary,A chief notary or clerk.
Prothonotaryship,Office of a prothonotary.
Prothoracic,Of or pertaining to the prothorax.
Prothyalosomata,of Pro thyalosoma
Prothyalosome,Same as Prothyalosoma.
Protist,One of the Protista.
Protiston,One of the Protista.
Protocolist,One who draughts protocols.
Protogynous,Same as Proterogynous.
Protomerite,The second segment of one of the Gregarinae.
Protonemata,of Protonema
Protopapas,A protopope.
Protophytology,Paleobotany.
Protoplasmatic,Protoplasmic.
Protoplasmic,Of or pertaining to the first formation of living bodies.
Protoplastic,First-formed.
Protopterus,See Komtok.
Protosalt,A salt derived from a protoxide base.
Protosomite,One of the primitive segments  or metameres of an animal.
Protosulphuret,A protosulphide.
Prototheria,Same as Monotremata.
Prototracheata,Same as Malacopoda.
Protovertebrae,of Protovertebra
Protovertebral,Of or pertaining to the protovertebrae.
Protozoa,The lowest of the grand divisions of the animal kingdom.
Protozoan,Of or pertaining to the Protozoa.
Protozoic,Of or pertaining to the Protozoa.
Protozoon,One of the Protozoa.
Protracheata,Same as Malacopoda.
Protracted,of Protract
Protracting,of Protract
Protracter,A protractor.
Protractile,Capable of being protracted  or protruded; protrusile.
Protractor,One who  or that which protracts or causes protraction.
Protreptical,Adapted to persuade; hortatory; persuasive.
Protrudable,That may be protruded; protrusile.
Protruded,of Protrude
Protruding,of Protrude
Protrude,To thrust forward; to drive or force along.
Protrusive,Thrusting or impelling forward; as  protrusive motion.
Protrusively,In a protrusive manner.
Protuberation,The act of swelling beyond the surrounding surface.
Protuberous,Protuberant.
Protureter,The duct of a pronephros.
Proud,Feeling or manifesting pride  in a good or bad sense
Proudish,Somewhat proud.
Proudling,A proud or haughty person.
Proudness,The quality of being proud; pride.
Provable,Capable of being proved; demonstrable.
Provand,Alt. of Proant
Proant,Provender or food.
Provant,To supply with provender or provisions; to provide for.
Proved,of Prove
Proving,of Prove
Provect,Carried forward; advanced.
Provedore,A proveditor; a purveyor.
Proven,Proved.
Proven/al,Of or pertaining to Provence or its inhabitants.
Provence rose,The cabbage rose (Rosa centifolia).
Provencial,Of or pertaining to Provence in France.
Provend,See Provand.
Provent,See Provand.
Proventricle,Proventriculus.
Proventriulus,The glandular stomach of birds  situated just above the crop.
Prover,One who  or that which proves.
Proverbialism,A proverbial phrase.
Proverbialize,To turn into a proverb; to speak in proverbs.
Provexity,Great advance in age.
Provided,of Provide
Providing,of Provide
Providently,In a provident manner.
Providore,One who makes provision; a purveyor.
Provincialist,One who lives in a province; a provincial.
Provincialized,of Provincialize
Provincializing,of Provincialize
Provincialize,To render provincial.
Provincially,In a provincial manner.
Provinciate,To convert into a province or provinces.
Provision,The act of providing  or making previous preparation.
Provisioned,of Provision
Provisioning,of Provision
Provisionally,By way of provision for the time being; temporarily.
Provisionary,Provisional.
Provisos,of Proviso
Provisor,One who provides; a purveyor.
Provisorship,The office or position of a provisor.
Provocation,The act of provoking  or causing vexation or anger.
Provocative,Serving or tending to provoke  excite or stimulate; exciting.
Provocativeness,Quality of being provocative.
Provocatory,Provocative.
Provokable,That may be provoked.
Provoked,of Provoke
Provoking,of Provoke
Provostship,The office of a provost.
Prowled,of Prowl
Prowling,of Prowl
Prowler,One that prowls.
Proxenet,A negotiator; a factor.
Proximad,Toward a proximal part; on the proximal side of; proximally.
Proximally,On or toward a proximal part; proximad.
Proximate,Nearest; next immediately preceding or following.
Proximately,In a proximate manner  position or degree; immediately.
Proxime,Next; immediately preceding or following.
Proximious,Proximate.
Proxies,of Proxy
Proxyship,The office or agency of a proxy.
Pruce,Prussian leather.
Prudency,Prudence.
Prudentialist,One who is governed by  or acts from prudential motives.
Prudentiality,The quality or state of being prudential.
Prudentially,In a prudential manner; prudently.
Prudently,In a prudent manner.
Pruderies,of Prudery
Prudishly,In a prudish manner.
Pruinate,Same as Pruinose.
Pruinous,Frosty; pruinose.
Pruned,of Prune
Pruning,of Prune
Prunella,Angina  or angina pectoris.
Pruner,One who prunes  or removes what is superfluous.
Pruniferous,Bearing plums.
Prurience,Alt. of Pruriency
Pruriency,The quality or state of being prurient.
Pruritus,Itching.
Prussian,Of or pertaining to Prussia.
Prussiate,A salt of prussic acid; a cyanide.
Pry,A lever; also  leverage.
Prying,of Pry
Pryan,See Prian.
Pryingly,In a prying manner.
Prytanes,of Prytanis
Prythee,See Prithee.
Psalmistry,The use of psalms in devotion; psalmody.
Psalmodic,Alt. of Psalmodical
Psalmodical,Relating to psalmody.
Psalmodist,One who sings sacred songs; a psalmist.
Psalmodize,To practice psalmody.
Psalmograph,A writer of psalms; a psalmographer.
Psalmographer,Alt. of Psalmographist
Psalmographist,A writer of psalms  or sacred songs and hymns.
Psalmography,The act or practice of writing psalms  or sacred songs.
Psalterial,Of or pertaining to the psalterium.
Psalteria,of Psalterium
Psalterium,The third stomach of ruminants. See Manyplies.
Psalteries,of Psaltery
Psammite,A species of micaceous sandstone.
Psellism,Indistinct pronunciation; stammering.
Pseudembryo,A false embryo.
Pseudepigraphic,Alt. of Pseudepigraphic
Pseudepigraphous,Inscribed with a false name.
Pseudepigraphy,The ascription of false names of authors to works.
Pseudhaemal,Pertaining to the vascular system of annelids.
Pseudoblepsis,False or depraved sight; imaginary vision of objects.
Pseudobranch,Same as Pseudobranchia.
Pseudobranchiae,of Pseudobranchia
Pseudobranchia,A rudimentary branchia  or gill.
Pseudocoele,Same as Pseudocoelia.
Pseudocoelia,The fifth ventricle in the mammalian brain. See Ventricle.
Pseudodox,Not true in opinion or doctrine; false.
Pseudofilari/,of Pseudofilaria
Pseudo-galena,False galena  or blende. See Blende (a).
Pseudograph,A false writing; a spurious document; a forgery.
Pseudography,False writing; forgery.
Pseudohalteres,of Pseudohalter
Pseudologist,One who utters falsehoods; a liar.
Pseudology,Falsehood of speech.
Pseudomorph,An irregular or deceptive form.
Pseudomorphous,Not having the true form.
Pseudonavicullae,of Pseudonavicella
Pseudonavicella,Same as Pseudonavicula.
Pseudonaviculae,of Pseudonavicula
Pseudoneuropterous,Of or pertaining to the Pseudoneuroptera.
Pseudonumity,The using of fictitious names  as by authors.
Pseudonymous,Bearing a false or fictitious name; as  a pseudonymous work.
Pseudopodia,of Pseudopodium
Pseudopodium,Same as Pseudopod.
Pseudopupae,of Pseudopupa
Pseudopupas,of Pseudopupa
Pseudo-romantic,Falsely romantic.
Pseudospore,A peculiar reproductive cell found in some fungi.
Pseudostella,Any starlike meteor or phenomenon.
Pseudostomata,of Pseudostoma
Pseudo-symmetric,Exhibiting pseudo-symmetry.
Pseudotineae,of Pseudotinea
Pseudotinea,The bee moth  or wax moth (Galleria).
Pseudoturbinal,See under Turbinal.
Pseudovaries,of Pseudovary
Pseudova,of Pseudovum
Psilanthropism,Psilanthropy.
Psilanthropist,One who believes that Christ was a mere man.
Psilanthropy,The doctrine of the merely human existence of Christ.
Psilology,Love of empty of empty talk or noise.
Psittaceous,Alt. of Psittacid
Psittacid,Of or pertaining to the parrots  or the Psittaci.
Psittaci,The order of birds which comprises the parrots.
Psitta-co-fulvine,A yellow pigment found in the feathers of certain parrots.
Psora,A cutaneous disease; especially  the itch.
Psoriasis,The state of being affected with psora.
Psoric,Of or pertaining to psora.
Psychagogic,Attractive; persuasive.
Psychagogue,A necromancer.
Psychal,Of or pertaining to the soul; psychical.
Psychiatria,Alt. of Psychiatry
Psychiatry,The application of the healing art to mental diseases.
Psychiatric,Of or pertaining to psychiatria.
Psychic,Alt. of Psychical
Psychics,Psychology.
Psychography,A description of the phenomena of mind.
Psychologic,Alt. of Psychological
Psychological,Of or pertaining to psychology. See Note under Psychic.
Psychologist,One who is versed in  devoted to psychology.
Psychologue,A psychologist.
Psychologies,of Psychology
Psychomachy,A conflict of the soul with the body.
Psychomancy,Necromancy.
Psychopathy,Mental disease. See Psychosis  2.
Psychopomp,A leader or guide of souls .
Psychosis,Any vital action or activity.
Psychrometrical,Of or pertaining to the psychrometer or psychrometry.
Psychrometry,Hygrometry.
Psyllae,of Psylla
Ptenoglossate,Of or pertaining to the Ptenoglossa.
Pteridologist,One who is versed in pteridology.
Pteridology,That department of botany which treats of ferns.
Pteridomania,A madness  craze or strong fancy for ferns.
Pterodactyli,Same as Pterosauria.
Pteropappi,Same as Odontotormae.
Pteropod,One of the Pteropoda.
Pteropodous,Of or pertaining to the Pteropoda.
Pterosaur,A pterodactyl.
Pterosaurian,Of or pertaining to the Pterosauria.
Pterostigmata,of Pterostigma
Pterostigma,A thickened opaque spot on the wings of certain insects.
Pterygiums,of Pterygium
Pterygia,of Pterygium
Pterygoid,Like a bird's wing in form; as  a pterygoid bone.
Pterygopodia,of Pterygopodium
Pterylae,of Pteryla
Pterylosis,The arrangement of feathers in definite areas.
Ptilocerque,The pentail.
Ptilopaedes,Same as Dasypaedes.
Ptilopteri,An order of birds including only the penguins.
Ptilosis,Same as Pterylosis.
Ptolemaic,Of or pertaining to Ptolemy  the geographer and astronomer.
Ptolemaist,One who accepts the astronomical system of Ptolemy.
Ptyalism,Salivation  or an excessive flow of saliva.
Ptyalogogue,A ptysmagogue.
Ptysmagogue,A medicine that promotes the discharge of saliva.
Ptyxis,The way in which a leaf is sometimes folded in the bud.
Pubble,Puffed out  pursy; pudgy; fat.
Puberal,Of or pertaining to puberty.
Puberulent,Very minutely downy.
Pubescency,Pubescence.
Pubescent,Arrived at puberty.
Public-hearted,Public-spirited.
Public-minded,Public-spirited.
Published,of Publish
Publishing,of Publish
Publishable,Capable of being published; suitable for publication.
Publisher,One who publishes; as  a publisher of a book or magazine.
Publishment,The act or process of making publicly known; publication.
Puce,Of a dark brown or brownish purple color.
Pucel,See Pucelle.
Pucelage,Virginity.
Pucelle,A maid; a virgin.
Puceron,Any plant louse  or aphis.
Pucherite,Vanadate of bismuth  occurring in minute reddish brown crystals.
Puckball,A puffball.
Puckered,of Pucker
Puckering,of Pucker
Puckerer,One who  or that which puckers.
Puckery,Producing  or tending to produce a pucker; as a puckery taste.
Puckfist,A puffball.
Puckish,Resembling Puck; merry; mischievous.
Pucras,See Koklass.
Pud,Same as Pood.
Puddered,of Pudder
Puddering,of Pudder
Pudding-headed,Stupid.
Puddled,of Puddle
Puddling,of Puddle
Puddly,Consisting of  or resembling puddles; muddy; foul.
Puddock,A small inclosure.
Pudency,Modesty; shamefacedness.
Pudenda,The external organs of generation.
Pudendal,Of or pertaining to the pudenda  or pudendum.
Pudic,Of or pertaining to the external organs of generation.
Pudical,Pudic.
Pudicity,Modesty; chastity.
Pued,of Pue
Puing,of Pue
Pue,To make a low whistling sound; to chirp  as birds.
Puefellow,A pewfellow.
Puer,The dung of dogs  used as an alkaline steep in tanning.
Puerco,A hog.
Puerile,Boyish; childish; trifling; silly.
Puerilely,In a puerile manner; childishly.
Puerileness,The quality of being puerile; puerility.
Puerilities,of Puerility
Puerility,The quality of being puerile; childishness; puerileness.
Puerperal,Of or pertaining to childbirth; as  a puerperal fever.
Puerperous,Bearing children.
Puet,The pewit.
Puffed,of Puff
Puffing,of Puff
Puffery,The act of puffing; bestowment of extravagant commendation.
Puffiness,The quality or state of being puffy.
Puff-legged,Having a conspicuous tuft of feathers on the legs.
Pugged,of Pug
Pugging,of Pug
Pug,To mix and stir when wet  as clay for bricks pottery etc.
Pug-faced,Having a face like a monkey or a pug; monkey-faced.
Pugger,To pucker.
Puggered,Puckered.
Pugh,Pshaw! pish! -- a word used in contempt or disdain.
Pugil,As much as is taken up between the thumb and two first fingers.
Pugilism,The practice of boxing  or fighting with the fist.
Pugilistic,Of or pertaining to pugillism.
Pugnacious,Disposed to fight; inclined to fighting; quarrelsome; fighting.
Pugnacity,Inclination or readiness to fight; quarrelsomeness.
Pug nose,A short  thick nose; a snubnose.
Puh,The same as Pugh.
Puisne,Later in age  time etc.; subsequent.
Puisny,Puisne; younger; inferior; petty; unskilled.
Puissance,Power; strength; might; force; potency.
Puissantly,In a puissant manner; powerfully; with great strength.
Puissantness,The state or quality of being puissant; puissance; power.
Puit,A well; a small stream; a fountain; a spring.
Puked,of Puke
Puking,of Puke
Puke,To eject the contests of the stomach; to vomit; to spew.
Puker,One who pukes  vomits.
Puled,of Pule
Puling,of Pule
Pule,To cry like a chicken.
Puler,One who pules; one who whines or complains; a weak person.
Pulex,A genus of parasitic insects including the fleas. See Flea.
Pulicene,Pertaining to  or abounding in fleas; pulicose.
Pulicose,Alt. of Pulicous
Pulicous,Abounding with fleas.
Pulingly,With whining or complaint.
Pulkha,A Laplander's traveling sledge. See Sledge.
Pulled,of Pull
Pulling,of Pull
Pull,To draw  or attempt to draw toward one; to draw forcibly.
Pullail,Poultry.
Pullen,Poultry.
Puller,One who  or that which pulls.
Pullet,A young hen  or female of the domestic fowl.
Pulleys,of Pulley
Pullicate,A kind of checked cotton or silk handkerchief.
Pullulate,To germinate; to bud; to multiply abundantly.
Pullulation,A germinating  or budding.
Pulli,of Pullus
Pullus,A chick; a young bird in the downy stage.
Pulmobranchiata,Alt. of Pulmobranchiate
Pulmobranchiate,Same as Pulmonibranchiata  -ate.
Pulmogasteropoda,Same as Pulmonata.
Pulmometer,A spirometer.
Pulmonary,Of or pertaining to the lungs; affecting the lungs; pulmonic.
Pulmonate,Having breathing organs that act as lungs.
Pulmonated,same as Pulmonate (a).
Pulmonibranchiata,Same as Pulmonata.
Pulmonibranchiate,Same as Pulmonate.
Pulmonic,Relating to  or affecting the lungs; pulmonary.
Pulmonifera,Same as Pulmonata.
Pulmoniferous,Having lungs; pulmonate.
Pulped,of Pulp
Pulping,of Pulp
Pulpiness,the quality or state of being pulpy.
Pulpited,Placed in a pulpit.
Pulpiter,A preacher.
Pulpitical,Of or pertaining to the pulpit; suited to the pulpit.
Pulpitish,Of or pertaining to the pulpit; like preaching.
Pulpitry,The teaching of the pulpit; preaching.
Pulpous,Containing pulp; pulpy.
Pulque,An intoxicating Mexican drink. See Agave.
Pulsated,of Pulsate
Pulsating,of Pulsate
Pulsate,To throb  as a pulse; to beat as the heart.
Pulsative,Beating; throbbing.
Pulsator,A beater; a striker.
Pulsatory,Capable of pulsating; throbbing.
Pulse,Leguminous plants  or their seeds as beans pease etc.
Pulseless,Having no pulsation; lifeless.
Pulselessness,The state of being pulseless.
Pulsific,Exciting the pulse; causing pulsation.
Pulsimeter,A sphygmograph.
Pulsive,Tending to compel; compulsory.
Pult,To put.
Pultaceous,Macerated; softened; nearly fluid.
Pultesse,Alt. of Pultise
Pultise,Poultry.
Purverable,Capable of being reduced to fine powder.
Pulveraceous,Having a finely powdered surface; pulverulent.
Pulverate,To beat or reduce to powder or dust; to pulverize.
Pulverine,Ashes of barilla.
Pulverizable,Admitting of being pulverized; pulverable.
Pulverization,The action of reducing to dust or powder.
Pulverized,of Pulverize
Pulverizing,of Pulverize
Pulverizer,One who  or that which pulverizes.
Pulverous,Consisting of dust or powder; like powder.
Pulvil,A sweet-scented powder; pulvillio.
Pulvillio,Alt. of Pulvillo
Pulvilli,of Pulvillus
Pulvillus,One of the minute cushions on the feet of certain insects.
Pulvinate,Alt. of Pulvinated
Pulvinated,Curved convexly or swelled; as  a pulvinated frieze.
Pulvinuli,of Pulvinulus
Pulvinulus,Same as Pulvillus.
Pume,A stint.
Pumicated,of Pumicate
Pumicating,of Pumicate
Pumicate,To make smooth with pumice.
Pumiceous,Of or pertaining to pumice; resembling pumice.
Pumice stone,Same as Pumice.
Pumiciform,Resembling  or having the structure of pumice.
Pummace,Same as Pomace.
Pummel,Same as Pommel.
Pump,A low shoe with a thin sole.
Pumped,of Pump
pumping,of Pump
Pumpage,That which is raised by pumps  or the work done by pumps.
Pumper,One who pumps; the instrument or machine used in pumping.
Pumpet,A pompet.
Pumping,a. & n. from pump.
Pumpion,See Pumpkin.
Pumy,Large and rounded.
Pun,To pound.
Punned,of Pun
Punning,of Pun
Punched,of Punch
Punching,of Punch
Puncheon,A figured stamp  die or punch used by goldsmiths cutlers etc.
Puncher,One who  or that which punches.
Punchin,See Puncheon.
Punchy,Short and thick  or fat.
Punctated,Alt. of Punctated
Puncticular,Comprised in  or like a point; exact.
Punctiform,Having the form of a point.
Punctilios,of Punctilio
Punction,A puncturing  or pricking; a puncture.
Punctist,A punctator.
Puncto,A nice point of form or ceremony.
Punctual,Consisting in a point; limited to a point; unextended.
Punctualist,One who is very exact in observing forms and ceremonies.
Punctually,In a punctual manner; promptly; exactly.
Punctualness,Punctuality; exactness.
Punctuated,of Punctuate
Punctuating,of Punctuate
Punctuative,Of or belonging to points of division; relating to punctuation.
Punctuator,One who punctuates  as in writing; specifically a punctator.
Punctuist,A punctator.
Punctulate,Alt. of Punctulated
Punctulated,Marked with small spots.
Punctum,A point.
Puncturation,The act or process of puncturing. See Acupuncture.
Puncture,The act of puncturing; perforating with something pointed.
Punctured,of Puncture
Puncturing,of Puncture
Pundle,A short and fat woman; a squab.
Punese,A bedbug.
Pungence,Pungency.
Pungently,In a pungent manner; sharply.
Pungy,A small sloop or shallop  or a large boat with sails.
Punic,Of or pertaining to the ancient Carthaginians.
Punice,See Punese.
Puniceous,Alt. of Punicial
Punicial,Of a bright red or purple color.
Punished,of Punish
Punishing,of Punish
Punisher,One who inflicts punishment.
Punishment,The act of punishing.
Punition,Punishment.
Punitory,Punishing; tending to punishment; punitive.
Punkin,A pumpkin.
Punkling,A young strumpet.
Punner,A punster.
Punnet,A broad  shallow basket for displaying fruit or flowers.
Punnology,The art or practice of punning; paronomasia.
Punt,To play at basset  baccara faro. or omber; to gamble.
Puntil,Alt. of Puntel
Puntel,See Pontee.
Punto,A point or hit.
Punty,See Pontee.
Puoy,Same as Poy  n. 3.
Pup,A young dog; a puppy.
Pupped,of Pup
Pupping,of Pup
Pup/,of Pupa
Pupas,of Pupa
Pupal,Of or pertaining to a pupa  or the condition of a pupa.
Pupate,To become a pupa.
Pupation,the act of becoming a pupa.
Pupe,A pupa.
Pupelo,Cider brandy.
Pupilage,The state of being a pupil.
Pupillary,Of or pertaining to a pupil or ward.
Pupivorous,Feeding on the pupae of insects.
Puplican,Publican.
Puppet,A small image in the human form; a doll.
Puppetman,A master of a puppet show.
Puppies,of Puppy
Puppy,The young of a canine animal  esp. of the common dog; a whelp.
Puppied,of Puppy
Puppying,of Puppy
Puppyish,Like a puppy.
Puppyism,Extreme meanness  affectation conceit or impudence.
Purred,of Pur
Purring,of Pur
Puranic,Pertaining to the Puranas.
Purbeck stone,A limestone from the Isle of Purbeck in England.
Purblind,Wholly blind.
Purcelane,Purslane.
Purchased,of Purchase
Purchasing,of Purchase
Pured,Purified; refined.
Purely,In a pure manner (in any sense of the adjective).
Pureness,The state of being pure (in any sense of the adjective).
Purflew,A hem  border. or trimming as of embroidered work.
Purfled,Ornamented; decorated; esp.  embroidered on the edges.
Purgament,That which is excreted; excretion.
Purgative,Having the power or quality of purging; cathartic.
Purgatively,In a purgative manner.
Purgatorial,Alt. of Purgatorian
Purgatorian,Of or pertaining to purgatory; expiatory.
Purgatory,Tending to cleanse; cleansing; expiatory.
Purged,of Purge
Purging,of Purge
Puri,See Euxanthin.
Purificative,Having power to purify; tending to cleanse.
Purificator,One who  or that which purifies; a purifier.
Purrificatory,Serving or tending to purify; purificative.
Puriform,In the form of pus.
Purified,of Purify
Purifying,of Purify
Puristic,Alt. of Puristical
Puristical,Of or pertaining to purists or purism.
Puritanic,Alt. of Puritanical
Puritanically,In a puritanical manner.
Puritanism,The doctrines  notions or practice of Puritans.
Puritanized,of Puritanize
Puritanizing,of Puritanize
Purity,The condition of being pure.
Purl,To decorate with fringe or embroidery.
Purled,of Purl
Purling,of Purl
Purlin,Alt. of Purline
Purloined,of Purloin
Purloining,of Purloin
Purloiner,One who purloins.
Purparty,A share  part or portion of an estate allotted to a coparcener.
Purples,of Purple
Purpled,of Purple
Purpling,of Purple
Purplewood,Same as Purpleheart.
Purplish,Somewhat purple.
Purport,Design or tendency; meaning; import; tenor.
Purported,of Purport
Purporting,of Purport
Purportless,Without purport or meaning.
Purposed,of Purpose
Purposing,of Purpose
Purposedly,In a purposed manner; according to purpose or design; purposely.
Purposeful,Important; material.
Purposeless,Having no purpose or result; objectless.
Purposer,One who brings forward or proposes anything; a proposer.
Purposive,Having or indicating purpose or design.
Purpre,Purple.
Purprise,A close or inclosure; the compass of a manor.
Purpurate,Of or pertaining to purpura.
Purpureal,Of a purple color; purple.
Purpuric,Of or pertaining to purpura.
Purr,To murmur as a cat. See Pur.
Purre,The dunlin.
Purree,A yellow coloring matter. See Euxanthin.
Purrock,See Puddock  and Parrock.
Pursed,of Purse
Pursing,of Purse
Pursefuls,of Purseful
Pursership,The office of purser.
Purset,A purse or purse net.
Pursiness,State of being pursy.
Pursive,Pursy.
Pursiveness,Pursiness.
Purslain,Same as Purslane.
Pursuable,Capable of being  or fit to be pursued followed or prosecuted.
Pursual,The act of pursuit.
Pursuance,The act of pursuing or prosecuting; a following out or after.
Pursuantly,Agreeably; conformably.
Pursued,of Pursue
Pursuing,of Pursue
Purrulence,Alt. of Purulency
Purulently,In a purulent manner.
Purveance,Alt. of Purveiaunce
Purveiaunce,Purveyance.
Purveyed,of Purvey
Purveying,of Purvey
Puseyistic,Alt. of Puseyite
Puseyite,Of or pertaining to Puseyism.
Push,A pustule; a pimple.
Pushed,of Push
Pushing,of Push
Pusher,One who  or that which pushes.
Pushpin,A child's game played with pins.
Pusil,Very small; little; petty.
Pusillanimously,With pusillanimity.
Pusley,Purslane.
Puss,A cat; -- a fondling appellation.
Pussy,A pet name for a cat; also  an endearing name for a girl.
Pustulant,Producing pustules.
Pustulate,To form into pustules  or blisters.
Pustulation,The act of producing pustules; the state of being pustulated.
Pustulous,Resembling  or covered with pustules; pustulate; pustular.
Put,A pit.
Putting,of Put
Putage,Prostitution or fornication on the part of a woman.
Putamen,The shell of a nut; the stone of a drupe fruit. See Endocarp.
Putanism,Habitual lewdness or prostitution of a woman; harlotry.
Putchuck,Same as Pachak.
Puteli,Same as Patela.
Putery,Putage.
Putid,Rotten; fetid; stinking; base; worthless. Jer. Taylor.
Putidity,Alt. of Putidness
Putidness,The quality or state of being putrid.
Put-off,A shift for evasion or delay; an evasion; an excuse.
Putour,A keeper of a brothel; a procurer.
Putrefied,of Putrefy
Putrefying,of Putrefy
Putrescence,The state of being putrescent; putrescent matter.
Putrescent,Becoming putrid or rotten.
Putridity,The quality of being putrid; putrefaction; rottenness.
Putridness,Putridity.
Putrifacted,Putrefied.
Putrification,Putrefaction.
Putrify,To putrefy.
Putry,Putrid.
Putter,One who puts or plates.
Puttered,of Putter
Puttering,of Putter
Putter-on,An instigator.
Puttier,One who putties; a glazier.
Puttock,The European kite.
Puttied,of Putty
Puttying,of Putty
Putty-faced,White-faced; -- used contemptuously.
Put-up,Arranged; plotted; -- in a bad sense; as  a put-up job.
Puy,See Poy.
Puzzel,A harlot; a drab; a hussy.
Puzzled,of Puzzle
Puzzling,of Puzzle
Puzzledom,The domain of puzzles; puzzles  collectively.
Puzzle-headed,Having the head full of confused notions.
Puzzlement,The state of being puzzled; perplexity.
Puzzier,One who  or that which puzzles or perplexes.
Puzzlingly,In a puzzling manner.
Puzzolan,Alt. of Puzzolana
Puzzolana,See Pozzuolana.
Pyaemic,Of or pertaining to pyaemia; of the nature of pyaemia.
Pycnidia,of Pycnidium
Pycnite,A massive subcolumnar variety of topaz.
Pycnogonid,One of the Pycnogonida.
Pycnostyle,See under Intercolumniation.
Pye,See 2d Pie (b).
Pyebald,See Piebald.
Pyelitis,Inflammation of the pelvis of the kidney.
Pyemia,See PyAemia.
Pyet,A magpie; a piet.
Pygarg,Alt. of Pygargus
Pygargus,A quadruped  probably the addax an antelope having a white rump.
Pygidia,of Pygidium
Pygmy,Alt. of Pygmean
Pygmies,of Pygmy
Pygopod,One of the Pygopodes.
Pygopodous,Of or pertaining to the Pygopodes.
Pykar,An ancient English fishing boat.
Pylae,of Pyla
Pylas,of Pyla
Pyla,The passage between the iter and optocoele in the brain.
Pylagore,a deputy of a State at the Amphictyonic council.
Pylangia,of Pylangium
Pylori,of Pylorus
Pylorus,The opening from the stomach into the intestine.
Pyne,See Pine.
Pynoun,A pennant.
Pyogenic,Producing or generating pus.
Pyoid,Of or pertaining to pus; of the nature of  or like pus.
Pyot,The magpie. See Piet.
Pyral,Of or pertaining to a pyre.
Pyramidally,Like a pyramid.
Pyramidic,Alt. of Pyramidical
Pyramidia,of Pyramidion
Pyramidion,The small pyramid which crowns or completes an obelisk.
Pyramidoid,A solid resembling a pyramid; -- called also pyramoid.
Pyramides,of Pyramis
Pyramis,A pyramid.
Pyramoid,See Pyramidoid.
Pyrenae,of Pyrena
Pyrena,A nutlet resembling a seed  or the kernel of a drupe.
Pyretic,Of or pertaining to fever; febrile.
Pyretology,A discourse or treatise on fevers; the doctrine of fevers.
Pyrexiae,of Pyrexia
Pyrexia,The febrile condition.
Pyrexial,Alt. of Pyrexical
Pyrexical,Of or pertaining to fever; feverish.
Pyrgom,A variety of pyroxene; -- called also fassaite.
Pyriform,Having the form of a pear; pear-shaped.
Pyritaceous,Of or pertaining to pyrites. See Pyritic.
Pyrites,of Pyrite
Pyritic,Alt. of Pyritical
Pyritiferous,Containing or producing pyrites.
Pyritize,To convert into pyrites.
Pyritohedral,Like pyrites in hemihedral form.
Pyritohedron,The pentagonal dodecahedron  a common form of pyrite.
Pyritoid,Pyritohedron.
Pyritology,The science of blowpipe analysis.
Pyritous,Pyritic.
Pyro-,Alt. of Pyr-
Pyro,Abbreviation of pyrogallic acid.
Pyroantimonate,A salt of pyroantimonic acid.
Pyroarsenate,A salt of pyroarsenic acid.
Pyroborate,A salt of pyroboric acid.
Pyrogallate,A salt of pyrogallic acid; an ether of pyrogallol.
Pyrogen,Electricity.
Pyrogenous,Produced by fire; igneous.
Pyrolator,A fire worshiper.
Pyrolatry,The worship of fire.
Pyroligneous,Alt. of Pyrolignic
Pyrolignous,Same as Pyroligneous.
Pyrolithic,Same as Pyrouric  or Cyanuric.
Pyrologist,One who is versed in  or makes a study of pyrology.
Pyromalate,A salt of pyromalic acid.
Pyromalic,Pertaining to  or designating an acid now called maleic acid.
Pyromancy,Divination by means of fire.
Pyromania,An insane disposition to incendiarism.
Pyromantic,Of or pertaining to pyromancy.
Pyrometric,Alt. of Pyrometrical
Pyromorphous,Having the property of crystallizing by the agency of fire.
Pyromucate,A salt of pyromucic acid.
Pyronomics,The science of heat.
Pyrophanous,Rendered transparent by heat.
Pyrophoric,Alt. of Pyrophorous
Pyrophorous,Light-producing; of or pertaining to pyrophorus.
Pyrophosphate,A salt of pyrophosphoric acid.
Pyrosis,See Water brash  under Brash.
Pyrosulphate,A salt of pyrosulphuric acid.
Pyrotartrate,A salt of pyrotartaric acid.
Pyrotechnian,A pyrotechnist.
Pyrotechnic,Alt. of Pyrotechnical
Pyrotechnical,Of or pertaining to fireworks  or the art of forming them.
Pyrotechnician,A pyrotechnist.
Pyrotechnist,One skilled in pyrotechny; one who manufactures fireworks.
Pyrotechny,The use and application of fire in science and the arts.
Pyrotic,Caustic. See Caustic.
Pyrotritartaric,Designating an acid which is more commonly called uric acid.
Pyrotungstic,Polytungstic. See Metatungstic.
Pyroxenic,Containing pyroxene; composed chiefly of pyroxene.
Pyroxenite,A rock consisting essentially of pyroxene.
Pyrrhic,Of or pertaining to an ancient Greek martial dance.
Pyrrhicist,One two danced the pyrrhic.
Pyrrhonean,Alt. of Pyrrhonic
Pyrrhonic,Of or pertaining to pyrrhonism.
Pyrrhonism,Skepticism; universal doubt.
Pyrrhonist,A follower of Pyrrho; a skeptic.
Pyrrhotine,Alt. of Pyrrhotite
Pyruric,Same as Pyrouric.
Pythagoreanism,The doctrines of Pythagoras or the Pythagoreans.
Pythagoric,Alt. of Pythagorical
Pythagorical,See Pythagorean  a.
Pythagorism,The doctrines taught by Pythagoras.
Pythagorized,of Pythagorize
Pythagorizing,of Pythagorize
Pythagorize,To speculate after the manner of Pythagoras.
Pythoness,The priestess who gave oracular answers at Delphi in Greece.
Pythonic,Prophetic; oracular; pretending to foretell events.
Pythonist,A conjurer; a diviner.
Pythonomorpha,Same as Mosasauria.
Pyuria,A morbid condition in which pus is discharged in the urine.
Pyx,The box  case vase or tabernacle in which the host is reserved.
Pyxidate,Having a pyxidium.
Pyxidia,of Pyxidium
Pyxle,Same as Pixy.
Pyxis,A box; a pyx.
Qua,In so far as; in the capacity or character of; as.
Quab,An unfledged bird; hence  something immature or unfinished.
Qua-bird,The American night heron. See under Night.
Quacha,The quagga.
Qvacked,of Quack
Quacking,of Quack
Quack,To utter a sound like the cry of a duck.
Quackeries,of Quackery
Quack grass,See Quitch grass.
Quackish,Like a quack; boasting; characterized by quackery.
Quackism,Quackery.
Quackled,of Quackle
Quackling,of Quackle
Quackle,To suffocate; to choke.
Quad,Alt. of Quade
Quade,Evil; bad; baffling; as  a quade wind.
Quadrae,of Quadra
Quadragenarious,Consisting of forty; forty years old.
Quadragesima,The forty days of fast preceding Easter; Lent.
Quadragesimal,Belonging to Lent; used in Lent; Lenten.
Quadrangular,Having four angles  and consequently four sides; tetragonal.
Quadrantes,of Quadrans
Quadrans,A fourth part of the coin called an as. See 3d As  2.
Quadrant,The fourth part; the quarter.
Quadrated,of Quadrate
Quadrating,of Quadrate
Quadratics,That branch of algebra which treats of quadratic equations.
Quadratojugal,Of or pertaining to the quadrate and jugal bones.
Quadrel,A square piece of turf or peat.
Quadrennial,Comprising four years; as  a quadrennial period.
Quadrennially,Once in four years.
Quadrennium,A space or period of four years.
Quadribasic,Same as Tetrabasic.
Quadrible,Quadrable.
Quadric,Of or pertaining to the second degree.
Quadricapsular,Having four capsules.
Quadricipital,Of or pertaining to the quadriceps.
Quadricorn,Any quadricornous animal.
Quadricostate,Having four ribs.
Quadridentate,Having four teeth; as  a quadridentate leaf.
Quadriennial,Same as Quadrennial.
Quadrifarious,Arranged in four rows or ranks; as  quadrifarious leaves.
Quadrifoil,Alt. of Quadrifoliate
Quadrifoliate,Four-leaved; having the leaves in whorls of four.
Quadrifurcated,Having four forks  or branches.
Quadrigae,of Quadriga
Quadriga,A car or chariot drawn by four horses abreast.
Quadrigeminal,Alt. of Quadrigeminous
Quadrigenarious,Consisting of four hundred.
Quadrijugate,Same as Quadrijugous.
Quadrijugous,Pinnate  with four pairs of leaflets; as a quadrijugous leaf.
Quadrilateral,Having four sides  and consequently four angles; quadrangular.
Quadrilateralness,The property of being quadrilateral.
Quadriliteral,Consisting of four letters.
Quadrilobate,Alt. of Quadrilobed
Quadrilobed,Having four lobes; as  a quadrilobate leaf.
Quadrilocular,Having four cells  or cavities; as a quadrilocular heart.
Quadrinodal,Possessing four nodes; as  quadrinodal curves.
Quadrinomial,A polynomial of four terms connected by the signs plus or minus.
Quadrinomical,Quadrinomial.
Quadrinominal,Quadrinomial.
Quadripartite,Divided into four parts.
Quadripartitely,In four parts.
Quadripennate,Having four wings; -- said of insects.
Quadriphyllous,Having four leaves; quadrifoliate.
Quadrireme,A galley with four banks of oars or rowers.
Quadrisection,A subdivision into four parts.
Quadrisyllabic,Alt. of Quadri-syllabical
Quadrisyllable,A word consisting of four syllables.
Quadrivalence,The quality or state of being quadrivalent; tetravalence.
Quadrivalvular,Having four valves; quadrivalve.
Quadrivial,Having four ways meeting in a point.
Quadroxide,A tetroxide.
Quadrumane,One of the Quadrumana.
Quadrumanous,Having four hands; of or pertaining to the Quadrumana.
Quadruped,Having four feet.
Quadrupedal,Having four feet; of or pertaining to a quadruped.
Quadrupled,of Quadruple
Quadrupling,of Quadruple
Quadruplex,Fourfold; folded or doubled twice.
Quadruplicated,of Quadruplicate
Quadruplicating,of Quadruplicate
Quadruplicate,To make fourfold; to double twice; to quadruple.
Quaestor,Same as Questor.
Quaffed,of Quaff
Quaffing,of Quaff
Quaffer,One who quaffs  or drinks largely.
Quag,A quagmire.
Quagmire,Soft  wet miry land which shakes or yields under the feet.
Quahog,Alt. of Quahaug
Quaigh,Alt. of Quaich
Quaich,A small shallow cup or drinking vessel.
Qualled,of Quail
Qualling,of Quail
Quail,To die; to perish; hence  to wither; to fade.
Quaily,The upland plover.
Quaint,Prudent; wise; hence  crafty; artful; wily.
Quaintise,Craft; subtlety; cunning.
Quaintly,In a quaint manner.
Quaintness,The quality of being quaint.
Quair,A quire; a book.
Quaked,of Quake
Quaking,of Quake
Quaker,One who quakes.
Quakeress,A woman who is a member of the Society of Friends.
Quakerish,Like or pertaining to a Quaker; Quakerlike.
Quakerism,The peculiar character  manners tenets etc. of the Quakers.
Quakerlike,Like a Quaker.
Quakerly,Resembling Quakers; Quakerlike; Quakerish.
Quakery,Quakerism.
Quaketail,A wagtail.
Quakness,The state of being quaky; liability to quake.
Quakingly,In a quaking manner; fearfully.
Quaky,Shaky  or tremulous; quaking.
Qualifiable,Capable of being qualified; abatable; modifiable.
Qualification,The act of qualifying  or the condition of being qualified.
Qualified,Fitted by accomplishments or endowments.
Qualifiedly,In the way of qualification; with modification or qualification.
Qualifiedness,The state of being qualified.
Qualifying,of Qualify
Qualitative,Relating to quality; having the character of quality.
Qualitied,Furnished with qualities; endowed.
Qualities,of Quality
Qualm,Sickness; disease; pestilence; death.
Quamash,See Camass.
Quandaries,of Quandary
Quandary,A state of difficulty or perplexity; doubt; uncertainty.
Quandy,The old squaw.
Quantitative,Relating to quantity.
Quantitive,Estimable according to quantity; quantitative.
Quantitively,So as to be measurable by quantity; quantitatively.
Quantities,of Quantity
Quantivalence,Valence.
Quantivalent,Of or pertaining to quantivalence.
Quanta,of Quantum
Quantum,Quantity; amount.
Quap,To quaver.
Quaquaversal,Turning or dipping in any or every direction.
Quar,A quarry.
Quarantine,A space of forty days; -- used of Lent.
Quarantined,of Quarantine
Quarantining,of Quarantine
Quarl,A medusa  or jellyfish.
Quarreled,of Quarrel
Quarrelled,of Quarrel
Quarreling,of Quarrel
Quarrelling,of Quarrel
Quarrelet,A little quarrel. See 1st Quarrel  2.
Quarrellous,Quarrelsome.
Quarried,Provided with prey.
Quarrier,A worker in a stone quarry.
Quarry,Same as 1st Quarrel.
Quarries,of Quarry
Quarrying,of Quarry
Quarrymen,of Quarry-man
Quarry-man,A man who is engaged in quarrying stones; a quarrier.
Quart,The fourth part; a quarter; hence  a region of the earth.
Quartane,Butane  each molecule of which has four carbon atoms.
Quartene,Same as Butylene.
Quartered,of Quartter
Quartering,of Quartter
Quartter,To divide into four equal parts.
Quarterage,A quarterly allowance.
Quarterfoil,An ornamental foliation having four lobes  or foils.
Quarterlies,of Quarterly
Quarteron,A quarter; esp.  a quarter of a pound or a quarter of a hundred.
Quarteroon,A quadroon.
Quarter round,An ovolo.
Quarterstaves,of Quarterstaff
Quartet,Alt. of Quartette
Quartic,Of the fourth degree.
Quartile,Same as Quadrate.
Quartos,of Quarto
Quartridge,Quarterage.
Quartziferous,Consisting chiefly of quartz; containing quartz.
quartzous,Quarzose.
Quartzy,Quartzose.
Quas,A kind of beer. Same as Quass.
Quaschi,Alt. of Quasje
Quasje,The brown coati. See Coati.
Quash,Same as Squash.
Quashed,of Quash
Quashing,of Quash
Quashee,A negro of the West Indies.
Quasimodo,The first Sunday after Easter; Low Sunday.
Quassation,The act of shaking  or the state of being shaken.
Quat,A pustule.
Quata,The coaita.
Quatch,Squat; flat.
Quater-cousin,A cousin within the first four degrees of kindred.
Quaternary,Consisting of four; by fours  or in sets of four.
Quaternion,The number four.
Quaternity,The number four.
Quateron,See 2d Quarteron.
Quatorzain,A poem of fourteen lines; a sonnet.
Quatrain,A stanza of four lines rhyming alternately.
Quatre,A card  die. or domino having four spots or pips
Quatrefeuille,Alt. of Quatrefoil
Quatrefoil,Same as Quarterfoil.
Quatuor,A quartet; -- applied chiefly to instrumental compositions.
Quave,See Quaver.
Quavemire,See Quagmire.
Quavered,of Quaver
Quavering,of Quaver
Quaver,To tremble; to vibrate; to shake.
Quaverer,One who quavers; a warbler.
Quayage,Wharfage.
Quayd,p. p. of Quail.
Que,A half farthing.
Queach,A thick  bushy plot; a thicket.
Quean,A woman; a young or unmarried woman; a girl.
Queasily,In a queasy manner.
Queasiness,The state of being queasy; nausea; qualmishness; squeamishness.
Quebrith,Sulphur.
Quech,Alt. of Queck
Queen,The wife of a king.
Queened,of Queen
Queening,of Queen
Queencraft,Craft or skill in policy on the part of a queen.
Queendom,The dominion  condition or character of a queen.
Queenhood,The state  personality or character of a queen; queenliness.
Queenly,Like  becoming or suitable to a queen.
Queenship,The state  rank or dignity of a queen.
Queen truss,A truss framed with queen-posts; a queen-post truss.
Queerish,Rather queer; somewhat singular.
Queerly,In a queer or odd manner.
Queerness,The quality or state of being queer.
Queest,The European ringdove (Columba palumbus); the cushat.
Quegh,A drinking vessel. See Quaich.
Queint,See Quaint.
Queintise,See Quaintise.
Quelled,of Quell
Quelling,of Quell
Quell,To die.
Queller,A killer; as  Jack the Giant Queller.
Quellio,A ruff for the neck.
Quelquechose,A trifle; a kickshaw.
Queme,To please.
Quemeful,Kindly; merciful.
Quenched,of Quench
Quenching,of Quench
Quenchable,Capable of being quenched.
Quencher,One who  or that which quenches.
Quercus,A genus of trees constituted by the oak. See Oak.
Querele,A complaint to a court. See Audita Querela.
Querent,A complainant; a plaintiff.
Quermonious,Complaining; querulous; apt to complain.
Querimony,A complaint or complaining.
Querist,One who inquires  or asks questions.
Querken,To stifle or choke.
Querpo,The inner or body garments taken together. See Cuerpo.
Querquedule,A teal.
Querry,A groom; an equerry.
Querulential,Querulous.
Querulous,Given to quarreling; quarrelsome.
Queries,of Query
Query,A question; an inquiry to be answered or solved.
Queried,of Query
Querying,of Query
Questant,One who undertakes a quest; a seeker.
Quester,One who seeks; a seeker.
Questioned,of Question
Questioning,of Question
Questionability,The state or condition of being questionable.
Questionably,In a questionable manner.
Questionary,Inquiring; asking questions; testing.
Questioner,One who asks questions; an inquirer.
Questionist,A questioner; an inquirer.
Questionless,Unquestioning; incurious.
Questmen,of Questman
Questmonger,One who lays informations  and encourages petty lawsuits.
Questorship,The office  or the term of office of a questor.
Questrist,A seeker; a pursuer.
Questuary,Studious of profit.
Quet,The common guillemot.
Queue,A tail-like appendage of hair; a pigtail.
Quey,A heifer.
Quib,A quip; a gibe.
Quibbled,of Quibble
Quibbling,of Quibble
Quibbler,One who quibbles; a caviler; also  a punster.
Quibblingly,Triflingly; evasively.
Quice,See Queest.
Quich,To stir.
Quick,Alive; living; animate; -- opposed to dead or inanimate.
Quickbeam,See Quicken tree.
quickened,of Quicken
Quickening,of Quicken
Quickener,One who  or that which quickens.
Quickens,Quitch grass.
Quickhatch,The wolverine.
Quickly,Speedily; with haste or celerity; soon; without delay; quick.
Quickness,The condition or quality of being quick or living; life.
Quick-scented,Acute of smell.
Quicksilvering,The mercury and foil on the back of a looking-glass.
Quickstep,A lively  spirited march; also a lively style of dancing.
Quick-witted,Having ready wit
Quick-wittedness,Readiness of wit.
Quickwork,All the submerged section of a vessel's planking.
Quid,A portion suitable to be chewed; a cud; as  a quid of tobacco.
Quidam,Somebody; one unknown.
Quiddit,A subtilty; an equivocation.
Quidditative,Quiddative.
Quiddities,of Quiddity
Quiddled,of Quiddle
Quiddling,of Quiddle
Quiddler,One who wastes his energy about trifles.
Quiesced,of Quiesce
Quiescing,of Quiesce
Quiesce,To be silent  as a letter; to have no sound.
Quiescence,Alt. of Quiescency
Quiescency,The state or quality of being quiescent.
Quiescently,In a quiescent manner.
Quieted,of Quiet
Quieting,of Quiet
Quietage,Quietness.
Quieter,One who  or that which quiets.
Quietistic,Of or pertaining to the Quietists  or to Quietism.
Quietsome,Calm; still.
Quietude,Rest; repose; quiet; tranquillity.
Quilled,of Quill
Quilling,of Quill
Quillet,Subtilty; nicety; quibble.
Quilted,of Quilt
Quilting,of Quilt
Quilter,One who  or that which quilts.
Quin,A European scallop (Pecten opercularis)  used as food.
Quinary,Consisting of five; arranged by fives.
Quinate,A salt of quinic acid.
Quinazol,A complex nitrogenous base related to cinnoline.
Quincewort,The squinancy. Called also quinsywort.
Quinch,To stir; to wince.
Quincuncial,Having the form of a quincunx.
Quincuncially,In the manner or order of a quincunx.
Quindecemvirs,of Quindecemvir
Quindecemviri,of Quindecemvir
Quindecemvirate,The body or office of the quindecemviri.
Quindem,A fifteenth part.
Quindism,A fifteenth.
Quinia,Quinine.
Quinible,An interval of a fifth; also  a part sung with such intervals.
Quininism,Alt. of Quinism
Quinism,See Cinchonism.
Quinogen,A hypothetical radical of quinine and related alkaloids.
Quinologist,One who is versed in quinology.
Quinoyl,A radical of which quinone is the hydride  analogous to phenyl.
Quinquagesima,Fiftieth.
Quinquangular,Having five angles or corners.
Quinqueangled,Having five angles; quinquangular.
Quinquedentate,Alt. of Quinquedentated
Quinquedentated,Five-toothed; as  a quinquedentate leaf.
Quinquefarious,Arranged in five vertical rows; pentastichous.
Quinquefoliate,Alt. of Quinquefoliated
Quinquefoliated,Having five leaves or leaflets.
Quinque foliolate,Having five leaflets.
Quinqueliteral,Consisting of five letters.
Quinquelobate,Alt. of Quinquelobared
Quinquelobed,Same as Quinquelobate.
Quinquennalia,Public games celebrated every five years.
Quinquennium,Space of five years.
Quinquepartite,Consisting of five parts.
Quinquesyllable,A word of five syllables.
Quinquevalve,Alt. of Quinquevalvular
Quinquevalvular,Having five valves  as a pericarp.
Quinquevirs,of Quinquevir
Quinqueviri,of Quinquevir
Quinquevir,One of five commissioners appointed for some special object.
Quinquina,Peruvian bark.
Quinquivalent,Same as Pentavalent.
Quint,A set or sequence of five  as in piquet.
Quintain,An object to be tilted at; -- called also quintel.
Quintel,See Quintain.
Quintessential,Of the nature of a quintessence; purest.
Quintet,Alt. of Quintette
Quintic,Of the fifth degree or order.
Quintin,See Quintain.
Quintupled,of Quintuple
Quintupling,of Quintuple
Quittuple-nerved,Alt. of Quintuple-ribbed
Quintuple-ribbed,The same as Quinquenerved.
Quinze,A game at cards in which the object is to make fifteen points.
Quipped,of Quip
Quipping,of Quip
Quipo,Same as Quipu.
Quipus,of Quipu
Quire,See Choir.
Quirister,A chorister. See Chorister.
Quiritation,A crying for help.
Quirite,One of the Quirites.
Quirites,Roman citizens.
Quirked,Having  or formed with a quirk or quirks.
Quirkish,Consisting of quirks; resembling a quirk.
Quirky,Full of quirks; tricky; as  a quirky lawyer.
Quirl,See Querl.
Quirpele,The Indian ferret.
Quirt,A rawhide whip plaited with two thongs of buffalo hide.
Quish,See Cuish.
Quitted,of Quit
Quitting,of Quit
Quitch,Same as Quitch grass.
Quitclaimed,of Quitclaim
Quitclaiming,of Quitclaim
Quite,See Quit.
Quitly,Quite.
Quits,See the Note under Quit  a.
Quittable,Capable of being quitted.
Quittal,Return; requital; quittance.
Quittance,Discharge from a debt or an obligation; acquittance.
Quitter,One who quits.
Quitture,A discharge; an issue.
Quiver,Nimble; active.
Quivered,of Quiver
Quivering,of Quiver
Quiveringly,With quivering motion.
Quixotically,In a quixotic way.
Quixotry,Quixotism; visionary schemes.
Quiz,A riddle or obscure question; an enigma; a ridiculous hoax.
Quizzed,of Quiz
Quizzing,of Quiz
Quizzer,One who quizzes; a quiz.
Quizzism,The act or habit of quizzing.
Quob,To throb; to quiver.
Quod,A quadrangle or court  as of a prison; hence a prison.
Quodlibet,A nice point; a subtilty; a debatable point.
Quodlibetarian,One who discusses any subject at pleasure.
Quoif,See Coif.
Quoifffure,See Coiffure.
Quoil,See Coil.
Quoke,imp. of Quake.
Quondam,Having been formerly; former; sometime.
Quook,imp. of Quake.
Quop,See Quob.
Quotation,The act of quoting or citing.
Quotationist,One who makes  or is given to making quotations.
Quoted,of Quote
Quoting,of Quote
Quoter,One who quotes the words of another.
Quotha,Indeed; forsooth.
Quotidian,Occurring or returning daily; as  a quotidian fever.
Quotiety,The relation of an object to number.
Quotum,Part or proportion; quota.
Quran,See Koran.
Ra,A roe; a deer.
Raash,The electric catfish.
Rab,A rod or stick used by masons in mixing hair with mortar.
Rabate,To recover to the fist  as a hawk.
Rabatine,A collar or cape.
Rabato,A kind of ruff for the neck; a turned-down collar; a rebato.
Rabbate,To abate or diminish.
Rabbeted,of Rabbet
Rabbeting,of Rabbet
Rabbet,To cut a rabbet in; to furnish with a rabbet.
Rabbis,of Rabbi
Rabbies,of Rabbi
Rabbin,Same as Rabbi.
Rabbinic,Alt. of Rabbinical
Rabbinically,In a rabbinical manner; after the manner of the rabbins.
Rabbinite,Same as Rabbinist.
Rabbiting,The hunting of rabbits.
Rabbled,of Rabble
Rabbling,of Rabble
Rabblement,A tumultuous crowd of low people; a rabble.
Rabbler,A scraping tool for smoothing metal.
Rabble-rout,A tumultuous crowd; a rabble; a noisy throng.
Rabdoidal,See Sagittal.
Rabdomancy,Divination by means of rods or wands.
Rabid,Furious; raging; extremely violent.
Rabidity,Rabidness; furiousness.
Rabidly,In a rabid manner; with extreme violence.
Rabidness,The quality or state of being rabid.
Rabies,Same as Hydrophobia (b); canine madness.
Rabinet,A kind of small ordnance formerly in use.
Rabious,Fierce.
Rabot,A rubber of hard wood used in smoothing marble to be polished.
Race,To raze.
Raced,of Race
Racing,of Race
Racemate,A salt of racemic acid.
Racemation,A cluster or bunch  as of grapes.
Racemed,Arranged in a raceme  or in racemes.
Racemiferous,Bearing racemes  as the currant.
Racemiform,Having the form of a raceme.
Racemous,See Racemose.
Racemule,A little raceme.
Racemulose,Growing in very small racemes.
Rach,Alt. of Rache
Rachilla,Same as Rhachilla.
Rachiodont,Same as Rhachiodont.
Rachises,of Rachis
Rachides,of Rachis
Rachis,The spine; the vertebral column.
Rachitic,Of or pertaining to rachitis; affected by rachitis; rickety.
Rachitome,A dissecting instrument for opening the spinal canal.
Racily,In a racy manner.
Raciness,The quality of being racy; peculiar and piquant flavor.
Rack,Same as Arrack.
Racked,of Rack
Racking,of Rack
Rackabones,A very lean animal  esp. a horse.
Racker,One who racks.
Racketed,of Racket
Racketing,of Racket
Racketer,One who makes  or engages in a racket.
Racket-tailed,Having long and spatulate  or racket-shaped tail feathers.
Rackety,Making a tumultuous noise.
Rack-renter,One who is subjected to paying rack-rent.
Rackwork,Any mechanism having a rack  as a rack and pinion.
Racle,See Rakel.
Racleness,See Rakelness.
Raconteur,A relater; a storyteller.
Racoonda,The coypu.
Racovian,One of a sect of Socinians or Unitarians in Poland.
Racquet,See Racket.
Rad,imp. & p. p. of Read  Rede.
Radde,imp. of Read  Rede.
Raddock,The ruddock.
Rade,A raid.
Radeau,A float; a raft.
Radialia,of Radiale
Radially,In a radial manner.
Radiance,Alt. of Radiancy
Radiantly,In a radiant manner; with glittering splendor.
Radiary,A radiate.
Radiated,of Radiate
Radiating,of Radiate
Radiate,To emit rays; to be radiant; to shine.
Radiately,In a radiate manner; with radiation or divergence from a center.
Radiative,Capable of radiating; acting by radiation.
Radical,Of or pertaining to the root; proceeding directly from the root.
Radicality,Germinal principle; source; origination.
Radicalness,Quality or state of being radical.
Radicate,Radicated.
Radicated,of Radicate
Radicating,of Radicate
Radicel,A small branch of a root; a rootlet.
Radiciflorous,Rhizanthous.
Radiciform,Having the nature or appearance of a radix or root.
Radicular,Of or pertaining to roots  or the root of a plant.
Radicule,A radicle.
Radiculose,Producing numerous radicles  or rootlets.
Radii,pl. of Radius.
Radio-flagellata,A group of Protozoa having both flagella and pseudopodia.
Radiolarian,Of or pertaining to the Radiolaria.
Radioli,The barbs of the radii of a feather; barbules.
Radiolite,A hippurite.
Radiometer,A forestaff.
Radiophony,The art or practice of using the radiophone.
Radious,Consisting of rays  as light.
Radiuses,of Radius
Radices,of Radix
Radixes,of Radix
Radulae,of Radula
Raduliform,Rasplike; as  raduliform teeth.
Raffed,of Raff
Raffing,of Raff
Raffaelesque,Raphaelesque.
Raffled,of Raffle
Raffling,of Raffle
Raffler,One who raffles.
Raft,imp. & p. p. of Reave.
Rafted,of Raft
Rafting,of Raft
Rafte,imp. of Reave.
Rafter,A raftsman.
Raftsmen,of Raftsman
Raftsman,A man engaged in rafting.
Rafty,Damp; musty.
Rag,To scold or rail at; to rate; to tease; to torment; to banter.
Ragged,of Rag
Ragging,of Rag
Ragabash,Alt. of Ragabrash
Ragabrash,An idle  ragged person.
Ragamuffin,A paltry or disreputable fellow; a mean wretch.
Raged,of Rage
Raging,of Rage
Rageful,Full of rage; expressing rage.
Ragery,Wantonness.
Raggie,Alt. of Raggy
Raggy,Ragged; rough.
Ragious,Raging; furious; rageful.
Ragmen,of Ragman
Ragman,A man who collects  or deals in rags.
Raguled,Alt. of Ragguled
Ragwort,A name given to several species of the composite genus Senecio.
Raia,A genus of rays which includes the skates. See Skate.
Raided,of Raid
Raiding,of Raid
Raider,One who engages in a raid.
Rail,An outer cloak or covering; a neckerchief for women.
Railed,of Rail
Railing,of Rail
Railingly,With scoffing or insulting language.
Railleur,A banterer; a jester; a mocker.
Railroad,Alt. of Railway
Rain,Reign.
Rained,of Rain
Raining,of Rain
Rainbowed,Formed with or like a rainbow.
Raindeer,See Reindeer.
Raindrop,A drop of rain.
Raininess,The state of being rainy.
Rainless,Destitute of rain; as  a rainless region.
Rain-tight,So tight as to exclude rain; as  a rain-tight roof.
Raip,A rope; also  a measure equal to a rod.
Rais,Same as 2d Reis.
Raisable,Capable of being raised.
Raised,of Raise
Raising,of Raise
Raiser,One who  or that which raises (in various senses of the verb).
Raisin,A grape  or a bunch of grapes.
Raivel,A separator.
Raj,Reign; rule.
Raja,Same as Rajah.
Rajahship,The office or dignity of a rajah.
Rajpoot,Alt. of Rajput
Raked,of Rake
Raking,of Rake
Rakehell,A lewd  dissolute fellow; a debauchee; a rake.
Rakehelly,Dissolute; wild; lewd; rakish.
Rakel,Hasty; reckless; rash.
Raker,One who  or that which rakes
Rakery,Debauchery; lewdness.
Rakeshame,A vile  dissolute wretch.
Rakestale,The handle of a rake.
Rake-vein,See Rake  a mineral vein.
Rakish,Dissolute; lewd; debauched.
Rakishly,In a rakish manner.
Rakishness,The quality or state of being rakish.
Ralliance,The act of rallying.
Rallier,One who rallies.
Ralline,Pertaining to the rails.
Rallied,of Rally
Rallying,of Rally
Rallies,of Rally
Ralph,A name sometimes given to the raven.
Rammed,of Ram
Ramming,of Ram
Ramadan,The ninth Mohammedan month.
Ramage,Boughs or branches.
Ramagious,Wild; not tame.
Ramal,Of or pertaining to a ramus  or branch; rameal.
Ramberge,Formerly  a kind of large war galley.
Rambled,of Ramble
Rambling,of Ramble
Rambler,One who rambles; a rover; a wanderer.
Ramblingly,In a rambling manner.
Rambooze,A beverage made of wine  ale (or milk) sugar etc.
Rameal,Same as Ramal.
Ramean,A Ramist.
Ramee,See Ramie.
Ramekin,See Ramequin.
Rament,A scraping; a shaving.
Ramentaceous,Covered with ramenta.
Rameous,Ramal.
Ramiflorous,Flowering on the branches.
Ramiform,Having the form of a branch.
Ramified,of Ramify
Ramifying,of Ramify
Ramigerous,Bearing branches; branched.
Ramiparous,Producing branches; ramigerous.
Rammel,Refuse matter.
Rammer,One who  or that which rams or drives.
Rammish,Like a ram; hence  rank; lascivious.
Rammishness,The quality of being rammish.
Rammy,Like a ram; rammish.
Ramollescence,A softening or mollifying.
Ramous,Ramose.
Ramped,of Ramp
Ramping,of Ramp
Rampacious,High-spirited; rampageous.
Rampageous,Characterized by violence and passion; unruly; rampant.
Rampallian,A mean wretch.
Rampantly,In a rampant manner.
Ramparted,of Rampart
Ramparting,of Rampart
Rampe,The cuckoopint.
Rampier,See Rampart.
Rampire,A rampart.
Rampler,A rambler.
Ramshackle,Loose; disjointed; falling to pieces; out of repair.
Ramulose,Having many small branches  or ramuli.
Ramulous,Ramulose.
Ramuli,of Ramulus
Rami,of Ramus
Ramuscule,A small ramus  or branch.
Ran,imp. of Run.
Rana,A genus of anurous batrachians  including the common frogs.
Ranal,Having a general affinity to ranunculaceous plants.
Rance,A prop or shore.
Rancescent,Becoming rancid or sour.
Rancheros,of Ranchero
Ranchero,A herdsman; a peasant employed on a ranch or rancho.
Ranchmen,of Ranchman
Ranchman,An owner or occupant of  or laborer on a ranch; a herdsman.
Ranchos,of Rancho
Rancidly,In a rancid manner.
Rancidness,The quality of being rancid.
Rancorously,In a rancorous manner.
Rand,A border; edge; margin.
Randall grass,The meadow fescue (Festuca elatior). See under Grass.
Randing,The act or process of making and applying rands for shoes.
Random,Force; violence.
Randomly,In a random manner.
Randon,Random.
Ranedeer,See Reindeer.
Ranee,Same as Rani.
Ranforce,See Re/nforce.
Rang,imp. of Ring  v. t. & i.
Ranged,of Range
Ranging,of Range
Rangement,Arrangement.
Rangership,The office of the keeper of a forest or park.
Rangle,To range about in an irregular manner.
Rani,A queen or princess; the wife of a rajah.
Ranine,Of or pertaining to the frogs and toads.
Ranked,of Rank
Ranking,of Rank
Ranker,One who ranks  or disposes in ranks; one who arranges.
Rankled,of Rankle
Rankling,of Rankle
Rankness,The condition or quality of being rank.
Rannel,A prostitute.
Ranny,The erd shrew.
Ransacked,of Ransack
Ransacking,of Ransack
Ransomed,of Ransom
Ransoming,of Ransom
Ransomable,Such as can be ransomed.
Ransomer,One who ransoms or redeems.
Ransomless,Incapable of being ransomed; without ransom.
Ranted,of Rant
Ranting,of Rant
Ranter,A noisy talker; a raving declaimer.
Ranterism,The practice or tenets of the Ranters.
Rantingly,In a ranting manner.
Rantipole,A wild  romping young person.
Rantism,Ranterism.
Ranty,Wild; noisy; boisterous.
Ranunculuses,of Ranunculus
Ranunculi,of Ranunculus
Rap,A lay or skein containing 120 yards of yarn.
Rapped,of Rap
Rapping,of Rap
Rapt,of Rap
Rapaces,Same as Accipitres.
Raparee,See Rapparee.
Rape,Fruit  as grapes plucked from the cluster.
Rapeful,Violent.
Rapfully,Violently.
Raphaelesque,Like Raphael's works; in Raphael's manner of painting.
Raphaelite,One who advocates or adopts the principles of Raphaelism.
Raphides,See Rhaphides.
Rapidly,In a rapid manner.
Rapidness,Quality of being rapid; rapidity.
Rapiered,Wearing a rapier.
Rapilli,Lapilli.
Rapinous,Given to rapine.
Rappage,The enlargement of a mold caused by rapping the pattern.
Rappel,The beat of the drum to call soldiers to arms.
Rapport,Relation; proportion; conformity; correspondence; accord.
Rapscallion,A rascal; a good-for-nothing fellow.
Rapter,A raptor.
Raptor,A ravisher; a plunderer.
Raptores,Same as Accipitres. Called also Raptatores.
Raptorious,Raptorial.
Rapture,A seizing by violence; a hurrying along; rapidity with violence.
Raptured,of Rapture
Rapturing,of Rapture
Rapturist,An enthusiast.
Rapturize,To put  or be put in a state of rapture.
Rapturously,In a rapturous manner.
Rare,Early.
Rarebit,A dainty morsel; a Welsh rabbit. See Welsh rabbit  under Rabbit.
Raree-show,A show carried about in a box; a peep show.
Rarefiable,Capable of being rarefied.
Rarefied,of Rarefy
Rarefying,of Rarefy
Rareness,The state or quality of being rare.
Rareripe,Early ripe; ripe before others  or before the usual season.
Rarification,See Rarefaction.
Rarities,of Rarity
Ras,See 2d Reis.
Rascaless,A female rascal.
Rascalities,of Rascality
Rascallion,A low  mean wretch.
Rased,of Rase
Rasing,of Rase
Rase,To rub along the surface of; to graze.
Rash,To pull off or pluck violently.
Rasher,A thin slice of bacon.
Rashful,Rash; hasty; precipitate.
Rashling,A rash person.
Rashly,In a rash manner; with precipitation.
Rashness,The quality or state of being rash.
Rasores,An order of birds; the Gallinae.
Rasour,Razor.
Rasped,of Rasp
Rasping,of Rasp
Raspatorium,See Raspatory.
Raspatory,A surgeon's rasp.
Rasper,One who  or that which rasps; a scraper.
Raspis,The raspberry.
Raspy,Like a rasp  or the sound made by a rasp; grating.
Rasure,The act of rasing  scraping or erasing; erasure; obliteration.
Ratted,of Rat
Ratting,of Rat
Ratability,The quality or state of being ratable.
Ratable,Capable of being rated  or set at a certain value.
Ratan,See Rattan.
Ratany,Same as Rhatany.
Rataplan,The iterative sound of beating a drum  or of a galloping horse.
Ratch,Same as Rotche.
Ratchel,Gravelly stone.
Rate,To chide with vehemence; to scold; to censure violently.
Rated,of Rate
Rating,of Rate
Rateable,See Ratable.
Ratepayer,One who pays rates or taxes.
Rater,One who rates or estimates.
Ratfish,Same as Rat-tail.
Rath,A hill or mound.
Rathe,Coming before others  or before the usual time; early.
Rather,Prior; earlier; former.
Rathripe,Rareripe  or early ripe.
Ratifier,One who  or that which ratifies; a confirmer.
Ratified,of Ratify
Ratifying,of Ratify
Ratihabition,Confirmation or approbation  as of an act or contract.
Ratiocinate,To reason  esp. deductively; to offer reason or argument.
Ratiocinatory,Ratiocinative.
Rational,Relating to the reason; not physical; mental.
Rationalistic,Alt. of Rationalistical
Rationalization,The act or process of rationalizing.
Rationalize,To make rational; also  to convert to rationalism.
Rationally,In a rational manner.
Rationalness,The quality or state of being rational; rationality.
Ratitate,Of or pertaining to the Ratitae.
Ratite,Of or pertaining to the Ratitae.
Ratlines,Alt. of Ratlins
Raton,A small rat.
Ratoon,Same as Rattoon  n.
Ratsbane,Rat poison; white arsenic.
Ratsbaned,Poisoned by ratsbane.
Rat-tailed,Having a long  tapering tail like that of a rat.
Ratteen,A thick woolen stuff quilled or twilled.
Ratter,One who  or that which rats as one who deserts his party.
Rattinet,A woolen stuff thinner than ratteen.
Rattled,of Rattle
Rattling,of Rattle
Rattlebox,A toy that makes a rattling sound; a rattle.
Rattle-brained,Giddy; rattle-headed.
Rattlehead,An empty  noisy talker.
Rattle-headed,Noisy; giddy; unsteady.
Rattlemouse,A bat.
Rattlepate,A rattlehead.
Rattle-pated,Rattle-headed.
Rattler,One who  or that which rattles.
Rattletrap,Any machine or vehicle that does not run smoothly.
Rattleweed,Any plant of the genus Astragalus. See Milk vetch.
Rattlewings,The golden-eye.
Rattlewort,Same as Rattlebox.
Rattlings,Ratlines.
Rattooned,of Rattoon
Rattooning,of Rattoon
Raucid,Hoarse; raucous.
Raucous,Hoarse; harsh; rough; as  a raucous thick tone.
Raught,imp. & p. p. of Reach.
Raunch,See Ranch.
Raunsoun,Ransom.
Ravaged,of Ravage
Ravaging,of Ravage
Ravager,One who  or that which ravages or lays waste; spoiler.
Rave,imp. of Rive.
Raved,of Rave
Raving,of Rave
Raveled,of Ravel
Ravelled,of Ravel
Raveling,of Ravel
Ravelling,of Ravel
Raveler,One who ravels.
Ravened,of Raven
Ravening,of Raven
Ravenala,A genus of plants related to the banana.
Ravener,One who  or that which ravens or plunders.
Raven's-duck,A fine quality of sailcloth.
Raver,One who raves.
Ravin,Ravenous.
Ravine,Food obtained by violence; plunder; prey; raven.
Ravished,of Ravish
Ravishing,of Ravish
Ravish,To seize and carry away by violence; to snatch by force.
Ravisher,One who ravishes (in any sense).
Ravishingly,In a ravishing manner.
Ravissant,In a half-raised position  as if about to spring on prey.
Rawbone,Rawboned.
Rawboned,Having little flesh on the bones; gaunt.
Rawish,Somewhat raw.
Rawly,In a raw manner; unskillfully; without experience.
Rawness,The quality or state of being raw.
Ray,To array.
Rayed,of Ray
Raying,of Ray
Rayah,A person not a Mohammedan  who pays the capitation tax.
Rayon,Ray; beam.
Rayonnant,Darting forth rays  as the sun when it shines out.
Razed,of Raze
Razing,of Raze
Razeed,of Razee
Razeeing,of Razee
Razorable,Ready for the razor; fit to be shaved.
Razorback,The rorqual.
Razzia,A plundering and destructive incursion; a foray; a raid.
Reabsorption,The act or process of reabsorbing.
Reaccess,A second access or approach; a return.
Reaccuse,To accuse again.
Reach,To retch.
Reached,of Reach
Reaching,of Reach
Reachable,Being within reach.
Reacher,One who reaches.
Reachless,Being beyond reach; lofty.
Reactionary,Being  causing or favoring reaction; as reactionary movements.
Reactionaries,of Reactionary
Reactionist,A reactionary.
Read,Rennet. See 3d Reed.
Reading,of Read
Readability,The state of being readable; readableness.
Readdress,To address a second time; -- often used reflexively.
Readept,To regain; to recover.
Readeption,A regaining; recovery of something lost.
Reader,One who reads.
Readership,The office of reader.
Readily,In a ready manner; quickly; promptly.
Readjourn,To adjourn a second time; to adjourn again.
Readjournment,The act of readjourning; a second or repeated adjournment.
Readjustment,A second adjustment; a new or different adjustment.
Readmit,To admit again; to give entrance or access to again.
Readmittance,Allowance to enter again; a second admission.
Readopt,To adopt again.
Readorn,To adorn again or anew.
Readvance,To advance again.
Readvertency,The act of adverting to again  or of reviewing.
Ready-witted,Having ready wit.
Reaffirm,To affirm again.
Reaffirmance,Alt. of Reaffirmation
Reaffirmation,A second affirmation.
Reafforest,To convert again into a forest  as a region of country.
Reafforestation,The act or process of converting again into a forest.
Reagree,To agree again.
Reak,A rush.
Realistically,In a realistic manner.
Realities,of Reality
Realizable,Capable of being realized.
Realization,The act of realizing  or the state of being realized.
Realized,of Realize
Realizing,of Realize
Realizer,One who realizes.
Reallege,To allege again.
Realliance,A renewed alliance.
Re-ally,To bring together again; to compose or form anew.
Really,Royally.
Realmless,Destitute of a realm.
Realness,The quality or condition of being real; reality.
Realty,Royalty.
Ream,Cream; also  the cream or froth on ale.
Reamed,of Ream
Reaming,of Ream
Reame,Realm.
Reamputation,The second of two amputations performed upon the same member.
Reannex,To annex again or anew; to reunite.
Reannexation,Act of reannexing.
Reaped,of Reap
Reaping,of Reap
Reaper,One who reaps.
Reapparel,To clothe again.
Reappear,To appear again.
Reappearance,A second or new appearance; the act or state of appearing again.
Reapplication,The act of reapplying  or the state of being reapplied.
Reapply,To apply again.
Reappoint,To appoint again.
Reappointment,The act of reappointing  or the state of being reappointed.
Reapportion,To apportion again.
Reapportionment,A second or a new apportionment.
Reapproach,To approach again or anew.
Rear,Early; soon.
Reared,of Rear
Rearing,of Rear
Reardorse,Alt. of Reardoss
Reardoss,A reredos.
Rearer,One who  or that which rears.
Reargue,To argue anew or again.
Reargument,An arguing over again  as of a motion made in court.
Rear-horse,A mantis.
Rearly,Early.
Rearmost,Farthest in the rear; last.
Rearmouse,Alt. of Reremouse
Reremouse,The leather-winged bat (Vespertilio murinus).
Rearrange,To arrange again; to arrange in a different way.
Rearrangement,The act of rearranging  or the state of being rearranged.
Reascend,To rise  mount or climb again.
Reascension,The act of reascending; a remounting.
Reascent,A returning ascent or ascension; acclivity.
Reasoned,of Reason
Reasoning,of Reason
Reasonableness,Quality of being reasonable.
Reasonably,In a reasonable manner.
Reasonist,A rationalist.
Reasonless,Destitute of reason; as  a reasonless man or mind.
Reassemblage,Assemblage a second time or again.
Reassemble,To assemble again.
Reassert,To assert again or anew; to maintain after an omission to do so.
Reassertion,A second or renewed assertion of the same thing.
Reassessment,A renewed or second assessment.
Reassignment,The act of reassigning.
Reassimilate,To assimilate again.
Reassociate,To associate again; to bring again into close relations.
Reassume,To assume again or anew; to resume.
Reassurance,Assurance or confirmation renewed or repeated.
Reassurer,One who reassures.
Reasty,Rusty and rancid; -- applied to salt meat.
Reata,A lariat.
Reattach,To attach again.
Reattachment,The act of reattaching; a second attachment.
Reattain,To attain again.
Reattainment,The act of reattaining.
Reattempt,To attempt again.
Reaume,Realm.
Reaved,of Reave
Reft,of Reave
Reaving,of Reave
Reaver,One who reaves.
Reawake,To awake again.
Rebanish,To banish again.
Rebaptism,A second baptism.
Rebaptization,A second baptism.
Rebaptize,To baptize again or a second time.
Rebaptizer,One who rebaptizes.
Rebarbarize,To reduce again to barbarism.
Rebatement,Same as 3d Rebate.
Rebato,Same as Rabato.
Rebelled,of Rebel
Rebelling,of Rebel
Rebeller,One who rebels; a rebel.
Rebellow,To bellow again; to repeat or echo a bellow.
Rebloom,To bloom again.
Reblossom,To blossom again.
Reboant,Rebellowing; resounding loudly.
Reboation,Repetition of a bellow.
Reboil,To boil  or to cause to boil again.
Reborn,Born again.
Rebrace,To brace again.
Rebreathe,To breathe again.
Rebucous,Rebuking.
Rebuff,Repercussion  or beating back; a quick and sudden resistance.
Rebuffed,of Rebuff
Rebuffing,of Rebuff
Rebuilder,One who rebuilds.
Rebukable,Worthy of rebuke or reprehension; reprehensible.
Rebuked,of Rebuke
Rebuking,of Rebuke
Rebukeful,Containing rebuke; of the nature of rebuke.
Rebuker,One who rebukes.
Rebukingly,By way of rebuke.
Rebullition,The act of boiling up or effervescing.
Rebury,To bury again.
Rebuses,of Rebus
Rebutted,of Rebut
Rebutting,of Rebut
Rebut,To drive or beat back; to repulse.
Rebuttable,Capable of being rebutted.
Recadency,A falling back or descending a second time; a relapse.
Recalcitrate,To kick against; to show repugnance to; to rebuff.
Recalcitration,A kicking back again; opposition; repugnance; refractoriness.
Recallable,Capable of being recalled.
Recallment,Recall.
Recanted,of Recant
Recanting,of Recant
Recanter,One who recants.
Recapacitate,To qualify again; to confer capacity on again.
Recapitulator,One who recapitulates.
Recapitulatory,Of the nature of a recapitulation; containing recapitulation.
Recarnify,To convert again into flesh.
Recarriage,Act of carrying back.
Recarry,To carry back.
Recast,To throw again.
Recche,To reck.
Reccheles,Reckless.
Receded,of Recede
Receding,of Recede
Recede,To move back; to retreat; to withdraw.
Receipt,The act of receiving; reception.
Receipted,of Receipt
Receipting,of Receipt
Receit,Receipt.
Receivability,The quality of being receivable; receivableness.
Receivable,Capable of being received.
Received,of Receive
Receiving,of Receive
Receiver,One who takes or receives in any manner.
Receivership,The state or office of a receiver.
Recelebrate,To celebrate again  or anew.
Recense,To review; to revise.
Recensionist,One who makes recensions; specifically  a critical editor.
Recenter,To center again; to restore to the center.
Recentness,Quality or state of being recent.
Receptacula,of Receptaculum
Receptaculum,A receptacle; as  the receptaculum of the chyle.
Receptary,Generally or popularly admitted or received.
Receptibility,The quality or state of being receptible; receivableness.
Receptible,Such as may be received; receivable.
Receptiveness,The quality of being receptive.
Receptivity,The state or quality of being receptive.
Receptory,Receptacle.
Recessed,of Recess
Recessing,of Recess
Recessional,Of or pertaining to recession or withdrawal.
Recessive,Going back; receding.
Rechange,To change again  or change back.
Recharge,To charge or accuse in return.
Recharter,A second charter; a renewal of a charter.
Rechase,To chase again; to chase or drive back.
Rechless,Reckless.
Rechoose,To choose again.
Recidivate,To backslide; to fall again.
Recidivation,A falling back; a backsliding.
Recipes,of Recipe
Recipience,Alt. of Recipiency
Reciprocal,Recurring in vicissitude; alternate.
Reciprocality,The quality or condition of being reciprocal; reciprocalness.
Reciprocated,of Reciprocate
Reciprocating,of Reciprocate
Reciprocity,Mutual action and reaction.
Reciprocous,Reciprocal.
Reciprok,Reciprocal.
Reciproque,Reciprocal.
Recision,The act of cutting off.
Recitativo,Recitative.
Recited,of Recite
Reciting,of Recite
Reciter,One who recites; also  a book of extracts for recitation.
Recked,of Reck
Roughte,of Reck
Recking,of Reck
Reck,To make account of; to care for; to heed; to regard.
Reckless,Inattentive to duty; careless; neglectful; indifferent.
Reckling,Needing care; weak; feeble; as  a reckling child.
Reckoned,of Reckon
Reckoning,of Reckon
Reclaimed,of Reclaim
Reclaiming,of Reclaim
Reclaimable,That may be reclaimed.
Reclaimant,One who reclaims; one who cries out against or contradicts.
Reclaimer,One who reclaims.
Reclaimless,That can not be reclaimed.
Reclamation,The act or process of reclaiming.
Reclasp,To clasp or unite again.
Reclinant,Bending or leaning backward.
Reclination,The act of leaning or reclining  or the state of being reclined.
Reclined,of Recline
Reclining,of Recline
Recliner,One who  or that which reclines.
Reclose,To close again.
Reclothe,To clothe again.
Reclude,To open; to unclose.
Reclusely,In a recluse or solitary manner.
Recluseness,Quality or state of being recluse.
Reclusion,A state of retirement from the world; seclusion.
Reclusive,Affording retirement from society.
Reclusory,The habitation of a recluse; a hermitage.
Recoction,A second coction or preparation; a vamping up.
Recognitor,One of a jury impaneled on an assize.
Recognitory,Pertaining to  or connected with recognition.
Recognizability,The quality or condition of being recognizable.
Recognizable,Capable of being recognized.
Recognization,Recognition.
Recognized,of Recognize
Recognizing,of Recognize
Recognizee,The person in whose favor a recognizance is made.
Recognizer,One who recognizes; a recognizor.
Recognizor,One who enters into a recognizance.
Recognosce,To recognize.
Recoiled,of Recoil
Recoiling,of Recoil
Recoiler,One who  or that which recoils.
Recoilingly,In the manner of a recoil.
Recoilment,Recoil.
Recoin,To coin anew or again.
Recoinage,The act of coining anew.
Recollected,of Recollect
Recollecting,of Recollect
Recollective,Having the power of recollecting.
Recollet,Same as Recollect  n.
Recolonization,A second or renewed colonization.
Recolonize,To colonize again.
Recombination,Combination a second or additional time.
Recombine,To combine again.
Recomfort,To comfort again; to console anew; to give new strength to.
Recomfortless,Without comfort.
Recomforture,The act of recomforting; restoration of comfort.
Recommence,To commence or begin again.
Recommencement,A commencement made anew.
Recommended,of Recommend
Recommending,of Recommend
Recommendable,Suitable to be recommended; worthy of praise; commendable.
Recommendation,The act of recommending.
Recommendative,That which recommends; a recommendation.
Recommendatory,Serving to recommend; recommending; commendatory.
Recommender,One who recommends.
Recommission,To commission again; to give a new commission to.
Recommitment,Alt. of Recommittal
Recompact,To compact or join anew.
Recompensation,Recompense.
Recompensed,of Recompense
Recompensing,of Recompense
Recompensement,Recompense; requital.
Recompenser,One who recompenses.
Recompensive,Of the nature of recompense; serving to recompense.
Recompilation,A new compilation.
Recompile,To compile anew.
Recomposed,of Recompose
Recomposing,of Recompose
Recomposer,One who recomposes.
Recomposition,The act of recomposing.
Reconciled,of Reconcile
Reconciling,of Reconcile
Reconcilement,Reconciliation.
Reconciler,One who reconciles.
Reconciliatory,Serving or tending to reconcile.
Recondensation,The act or process of recondensing.
Recondense,To condense again.
Reconditory,A repository; a storehouse.
Reconduct,To conduct back or again.
Reconfirm,To confirm anew.
Reconfort,To recomfort; to comfort.
Reconjoin,To join or conjoin anew.
Reconnoissance,Alt. of Reconnaissance
Reconnaissance,The act of reconnoitering; preliminary examination or survey.
Reconnoiter,Alt. of Reconnoitre
Reconquest,A second conquest.
Reconsecrate,To consecrate anew or again.
Reconsecration,Renewed consecration.
Reconsider,To consider again; as  to reconsider a subject.
Reconsolate,To console or comfort again.
Reconsolidate,To consolidate anew or again.
Reconstruction,The act of constructing again; the state of being reconstructed.
Recontinuance,The act or state of recontinuing.
Recontinue,To continue anew.
Reconvene,To convene or assemble again; to call or come together again.
Reconversion,A second conversion.
Reconvert,To convert again.
Reconvey,To convey back or to the former place; as  to reconvey goods.
Reconveyance,Act of reconveying.
Recopy,To copy again.
Recorded,of Record
Recording,of Record
Record,To recall to mind; to recollect; to remember; to meditate.
Recordance,Remembrance.
Recordation,Remembrance; recollection; also  a record.
Recordership,The office of a recorder.
Recouch,To retire again to a couch; to lie down again.
Recount,To count or reckon again.
Recountment,Recital.
Recoup,Alt. of Recoupe
Recouper,One who recoups.
Recoupment,The act of recouping.
Recourseful,Having recurring flow and ebb; moving alternately.
Recover,To cover again.
Recovered,of Recover
Recovering,of Recover
Re coverance,Recovery.
Recoverer,One who recovers.
Recoveror,The demandant in a common recovery after judgment.
Recovery,The act of recovering  regaining or retaking possession.
Recreance,Recreancy.
Recreancy,The quality or state of being recreant.
Re-create,To create or form anew.
Recreated,of Recreate
Recreating,of Recreate
Re-creation,A forming anew; a new creation or formation.
Re-creative,Creating anew; as  re-creative power.
Recremental,Recrementitious.
Recrementitial,Of the nature of a recrement. See Recrement  2 (b).
Recrementitious,Of or pertaining to recrement; consisting of recrement or dross.
Recriminative,Recriminatory.
Recriminator,One who recriminates.
Recross,To cross a second time.
Recrudency,Recrudescence.
Recrudescence,Alt. of Recrudescency
Recrudescency,The state or condition of being recrudescent.
Recrudescent,Growing raw  sore or painful again.
Recruited,of Recruit
Recruiting,of Recruit
Recruiter,One who  or that which recruits.
Recrystallization,The process or recrystallizing.
Recrystallize,To crystallize again.
Rectal,Of or pertaining to the rectum; in the region of the rectum.
Rectangled,Rectangular.
Rectangular,Right-angled; having one or more angles of ninety degrees.
Rectangularity,The quality or condition of being rectangular  or right-angled.
Rectifiable,Capable of being rectified; as  a rectifiable mistake.
Rectifier,One who  or that which rectifies.
Rectified,of Rectify
Rectifying,of Rectify
Rectilineal,Alt. of Rectilinear
Rectilinearity,The quality or state of being rectilinear.
Rectilineous,Rectilinear.
Rectinerved,Having the veins or nerves straight; -- said of leaves.
Rection,See Government  n. 7.
Rectirostral,Having a straight beak.
Rectitis,Proctitis.
Rectitude,Straightness.
Recto,A writ of right.
Rector,A ruler or governor.
Rectoral,Pertaining to a rector or governor.
Rectorate,The office  rank or station of a rector; rectorship.
Rectoress,A governess; a rectrix.
Rectorial,Pertaining to a rector or a rectory; rectoral.
Rectorship,Government; guidance.
Rectories,of Rectory
Recto-uterine,Of or pertaining to both the rectum and the uterus.
Rectovaginal,Of or pertaining to both the rectum and the vagina.
Recto-vesical,Of or pertaining to both the rectum and the bladder.
Rectress,A rectoress.
Rectrices,of Rectrix
Rectrix,A governess; a rectoress.
Recti,of Rectus
Rectus,A straight muscle; as  the recti of the eye.
Recubation,Recumbence.
Recule,To recoil.
Reculement,Recoil.
Recumb,To lean; to recline; to repose.
Recumbency,Recumbence.
Recuperable,Recoverable.
Recuperated,of Recuperate
Recuperating,of Recuperate
Recuperate,To recover health; to regain strength; to convalesce.
Recuperative,Alt. of Recuperatory
Recuperatory,Of or pertaining to recuperation; tending to recovery.
Recuperator,Same as Regenerator.
Recurred,of Recur
Recurring,of Recur
Recure,To arrive at; to reach; to attain.
Recureless,Incapable of cure.
Recurrence,Alt. of Recurrency
Recurrent,Returning from time to time; recurring; as  recurrent pains.
Recursion,The act of recurring; return.
Recurvate,Recurved.
Recurviroster,A bird whose beak bends upward  as the avocet.
Recurvirostral,Having the beak bent upwards.
Recurvity,Recurvation.
Recurvous,Recurved.
Recusancy,The state of being recusant; nonconformity.
Recusation,Refusal.
Recusative,Refusing; denying; negative.
Recussion,The act of beating or striking back.
Red,. imp. & p. p. of Read.
Redacteur,See Redactor.
Redaction,The act of redacting; work produced by redacting; a digest.
Redargued,of Redargue
Redarguing,of Redargue
Redargue,To disprove; to refute; toconfute; to reprove; to convict.
Redargution,The act of redarguing; refutation.
Redargutory,Pertaining to  or containing redargution; refutatory.
Redback,The dunlin.
Redbelly,The char.
Redbird,The cardinal bird.
Redbreast,The European robin.
Redcap,The European goldfinch.
Redde,obs. imp. of Read  or Rede.
Reddened,of Redden
Reddening,of Redden
Redden,To make red or somewhat red; to give a red color to.
Reddish,Somewhat red; moderately red.
Reddition,Restoration: restitution: surrender.
Reddle,Red chalk. See under Chalk.
Reddour,Rigor; violence.
Rede,To advise or counsel.
Redeemed,of Redeem
Redeeming,of Redeem
Redeemability,Redeemableness.
Redeemableness,The quality or state of being redeemable; redeemability.
Redeemer,One who redeems.
Redeless,Without rede or counsel.
Redeliberate,To deliberate again; to reconsider.
Redeliver,To deliver or give back; to return.
Redeliverance,A second deliverance.
Redelivery,Act of delivering back.
Redemand,To demand back; to demand again.
Redemise,To demise back; to convey or transfer back  as an estate.
Redemonstrate,To demonstrate again  or anew.
Redemptible,Redeemable.
Redemptionary,One who is  or may be redeemed.
Redemptioner,One who redeems himself  as from debt or servitude.
Redemptory,Paid for ransom; serving to redeem.
Redempture,Redemption.
Redented,Formed like the teeth of a saw; indented.
Redeposit,To deposit again.
Redescend,To descend again.
Redeye,The rudd.
Redfinch,The European linnet.
Red-hand,Alt. of Red-handed
Redhead,A person having red hair.
Redhoop,The male of the European bullfinch.
Rediae,of Redia
Redias,of Redia
Redient,Returning.
Redigest,To digest  or reduce to form a second time.
Rediminish,To diminish again.
Redingote,A long plain double-breasted outside coat for women.
Redintegrate,Restored to wholeness or a perfect state; renewed.
Redintegration,Restoration to a whole or sound state; renewal; renovation.
Redisburse,To disburse anew; to give  or pay back.
Rediscover,To discover again.
Redispose,To dispose anew or again; to readjust; to rearrange.
Redisseize,To disseize anew  or a second time.
Redisseizor,One who redisseizes.
Redissolve,To dissolve again.
Redistill,To distill again.
Redistrainer,One who distrains again.
Redistribute,To distribute again.
Redistrict,To divide into new districts.
Redition,Act of returning; return.
Redivide,To divide anew.
Redleg,Alt. of Redlegs
Redlegs,The redshank.
Red-letter,Of or pertaining to a red letter; marked by red letters.
Redly,In a red manner; with redness.
Redness,The quality or state of being red; red color.
Redolence,Alt. of Redolency
Redoubted,Formidable; dread.
Redoubting,Reverence; honor.
Redounded,of Redound
Redounding,of Redound
Redpole,Same as Redpoll.
Redraft,To draft or draw anew.
Redrew,of Redraw
Redrawn,of Redraw
Redrawing,of Redraw
Redraw,To draw again; to make a second draft or copy of; to redraft.
Redress,To dress again.
Redressal,Redress.
Redresser,One who redresses.
Redressible,Such as may be redressed.
Redressive,Tending to redress.
Redressless,Not having redress; such as can not be redressed; irremediable.
Redressment,The act of redressing; redress.
Red-riband,The European red band fish  or fireflame. See Rend fish.
Redsear,To be brittle when red-hot; to be red-short.
Redtail,The red-tailed hawk.
Red-tailed,Having a red tail.
Red-tapism,Strict adherence to official formalities.
Reduced,of Reduce
Reducing,of Reduce
Reduce,To bring or lead back to any former place or condition.
Reducement,Reduction.
Reducent,Tending to reduce.
Reducer,One who  or that which reduces.
Reducible,Capable of being reduced.
Reducibleness,Quality of being reducible.
Reduct,To reduce.
Reductibility,The quality of being reducible; reducibleness.
Reductive,Tending to reduce; having the power or effect of reducing.
Reductively,By reduction; by consequence.
Reduit,A central or retired work within any other work.
Redundance,Alt. of Redundancy
Redundantly,In a refundant manner.
Reduplicate,Double; doubled; reduplicative; repeated.
Reduplication,The act of doubling  or the state of being doubled.
Reduplicative,Double; formed by reduplication; reduplicate.
Redweed,The red poppy (Papaver Rhoeas).
Ree,See Rei.
Reebok,The peele.
Reechy,Smoky; reeky; hence  begrimed with dirt.
Reed,Red.
Reedbird,The bobolink.
Reedbuck,See Rietboc.
Reeded,Civered with reeds; reedy.
Reeden,Consisting of a reed or reeds.
Reedification,The act reedifying; the state of being reedified.
Reedify,To edify anew; to build again after destruction.
Reedless,Destitute of reeds; as  reedless banks.
Reed-mace,The cat-tail.
Reedwork,A collective name for the reed stops of an organ.
Reedy,Abounding with reeds; covered with reeds.
Reefed,of Reef
Reefing,of Reef
Reefer,One who reefs; -- a name often given to midshipmen.
Reefy,Full of reefs or rocks.
Reek,A rick.
Reeked,of Reek
Reeking,of Reek
Reeky,Soiled with smoke or steam; smoky; foul.
Reeled,of Reel
Reeling,of Reel
Reelect,To elect again; as  to reelect the former governor.
Reeler,One who reels.
Reem,The Hebrew name of a horned wild animal  probably the Urus.
Reembark,To put  or go on board a vessel again; to embark again.
Reembarkation,A putting  or going on board a vessel again.
Reembody,To embody again.
Reembrace,To embrace again.
Reemerge,To emerge again.
Reemergence,Act of reemerging.
Reenact,To enact again.
Reenaction,The act of reenacting; the state of being reenacted.
Reencourage,To encourage again.
Reendow,To endow again.
Reenforcement,The act of reenforcing  or the state of being reenforced.
Reengage,To engage a second time or again.
Reengagement,A renewed or repeated engagement.
Reengrave,To engrave anew.
Reenjoy,To enjoy anew.
Reenjoyment,Renewed enjoyment.
Reenkindle,To enkindle again.
Reenlist,To enlist again.
Reenlistment,A renewed enlistment.
Reenslave,To enslave again.
Reenter,To enter again.
Reenthrone,To enthrone again; to replace on a throne.
Reenthronement,A second enthroning.
Reentrance,The act entereing again; re/ntry.
Reentry,A second or new entry; as  a reentry into public life.
Reerect,To erect again.
Reermouse,See Rearmouse.
Reestablisher,One who establishes again.
Reestablishment,The act reestablishing; the state of being reestablished.
Reestate,To reestablish.
Reeve,The female of the ruff.
Rove,of Reeve
Reeving,of Reeve
Reexaminable,Admitting of being reexamined or reconsidered.
Reexamination,A repeated examination. See under Examination.
Reexamine,To examine anew.
Reexchange,To exchange anew; to reverse (a previous exchange).
Reexhibit,To exhibit again.
Reexpel,To expel again.
Reexperience,A renewed or repeated experience.
Reexport,To export again  as what has been imported.
Reexportation,The act of reexporting  or of exporting an import.
Reexpulsion,Renewed or repeated expulsion.
Reezed,Grown rank; rancid; rusty.
Refaction,Recompense; atonement; retribution.
Refar,To go over again; to repeat.
Refashion,To fashion anew; to form or mold into shape a second time.
Refashionment,The act of refashioning  or the state of being refashioned.
Refasten,To fasten again.
Refect,To restore after hunger or fatigue; to refresh.
Refection,Refreshment after hunger or fatigue; a repast; a lunch.
Refective,Refreshing; restoring.
Refectories,of Refectory
Refel,To refute; to disprove; as  to refel the tricks of a sophister.
Referred,of Refer
Referring,of Refer
Refer,To carry or send back.
Referendary,One to whose decision a cause is referred; a referee.
Referment,The act of referring; reference.
Re-ferment,To ferment  or cause to ferment again.
Referrer,One who refers.
Referrible,Referable.
Refigure,To figure again.
Refill,To fill  or become full again.
Refind,To find again; to get or experience again.
Refined,of Refine
Refining,of Refine
Refiner,One who  or that which refines.
Refineries,of Refinery
Refitment,The act of refitting  or the state of being refitted.
Refix,To fix again or anew; to establish anew.
Reflame,To kindle again into flame.
Reflected,of Reflect
Reflecting,of Reflect
Reflectent,Bending or flying back; reflected.
Reflectible,Capable of being reflected  or thrown back; reflexible.
Reflectingly,With reflection; also  with censure; reproachfully.
Reflective,Throwing back images; as  a reflective mirror.
Reflector,One who  or that which reflects.
Reflexed,Bent backward or outward.
Reflexible,Capable of being reflected  or thrown back.
Reflexion,See Reflection.
Reflexity,The state or condition of being reflected.
Reflexly,In a reflex manner; reflectively.
Refloat,Reflux; ebb.
Reflourish,To flourish again.
Reflow,To flow back; to ebb.
Reflower,To flower  or cause to flower again.
Refluctuation,A flowing back; refluence.
Refluence,Alt. of Refluency
Refluency,The quality of being refluent; a flowing back.
Refluent,Flowing back; returning; ebbing.
Reflueus,Refluent.
Reflux,Returning  or flowing back; reflex; as reflux action.
Refocillate,To refresh; to revive.
Refocillation,Restoration of strength by refreshment.
Refold,To fold again.
Refoment,To foment anew.
Reforestization,The act or process of reforestizing.
Reforestize,To convert again into a forest; to plant again with trees.
Reforger,One who reforges.
Re-formed,of Re-form
Re-forming,of Re-form
Reformable,Capable of being reformed.
Reformade,A reformado.
Reformado,A monk of a reformed order.
Reformalize,To affect reformation; to pretend to correctness.
Reformative,Forming again; having the quality of renewing form; reformatory.
Reformatory,Tending to produce reformation; reformative.
Reformist,A reformer.
Reformly,In the manner of a reform; for the purpose of reform.
Refortification,A fortifying anew  or a second time.
Refortify,To fortify anew.
Refossion,The act of digging up again.
Refound,To found or cast anew.
Refounder,One who refounds.
Refracted,of Refract
Refracting,of Refract
Refract,To bend sharply and abruptly back; to break off.
Refractable,Capable of being refracted.
Refraction,The act of refracting  or the state of being refracted.
Refractiveness,The quality or condition of being refractive.
Refractor,Anything that refracts
Refractorily,In a refractory manner; perversely; obstinately.
Refractoriness,The quality or condition of being refractory.
Refracture,A second breaking (as of a badly set bone) by the surgeon.
Refragable,Capable of being refuted; refutable.
Refragate,To oppose.
Refrained,of Refrain
Refraining,of Refrain
Refrainer,One who refrains.
Refrainment,Act of refraining.
Reframe,To frame again or anew.
Refrangibility,The quality of being refrangible.
Refrenation,The act of refraining.
Refreshed,of Refresh
Refreshing,of Refresh
Refresher,One who  or that which refreshes.
Refreshful,Full of power to refresh; refreshing.
Refret,Refrain.
Refreyd,To chill; to cool.
Refrication,A rubbing up afresh; a brightening.
Refrigerant,Cooling; allaying heat or fever.
Refrigerated,of Refrigerate
Refrigerating,of Refrigerate
Refrigerate,To cause to become cool; to make or keep cold or cool.
Refrigerative,Cooling; allaying heat.
Refrigerator,That which refrigerates or makes cold; that which keeps cool.
Refrigeratory,Mitigating heat; cooling.
Refrigerium,Cooling refreshment; refrigeration.
Refuge,Shelter or protection from danger or distress.
Refugee,One who flees to a shelter  or place of safety.
Refulgence,Alt. of Refulgency
Refulgency,The quality of being refulgent; brilliancy; splender; radiance.
Refunder,One who refunds.
Refundment,The act of refunding; also  that which is refunded.
Refurbish,To furbish anew.
Refurnish,To furnish again.
Refurnishment,The act of refurnishing  or state of being refurnished.
Refusable,Capable of being refused; admitting of refusal.
Refused,of Refuse
Refusing,of Refuse
Refuser,One who refuses or rejects.
Refusion,New or repeated melting  as of metals.
Refut,Refuge.
Refutability,The quality of being refutable.
Refutal,Act of refuting; refutation.
Refutatory,Tending tu refute; refuting.
Refuted,of Refute
Refuting,of Refute
Refuter,One who  or that which refutes.
Regale,A prerogative of royalty.
Regaled,of Regale
Regaling,of Regale
Regaler,One who regales.
Regalism,The doctrine of royal prerogative or supremacy.
Regality,Royalty; sovereignty; sovereign jurisdiction.
Regally,In a regal or royal manner.
Regarded,of Regard
Regarding,of Regard
Regard,To keep in view; to behold; to look at; to view; to gaze upon.
Regardable,Worthy of regard or notice; to be regarded; observable.
Regardant,Looking behind; looking backward watchfully.
Regarder,One who regards.
Regardful,Heedful; attentive; observant.
Regather,To gather again.
Regattas,of Regatta
Regel,See Rigel.
Regelate,To freeze together again; to undergo regelation  as ice.
Regence,Rule.
Regencies,of Regency
Regency,The office of ruler; rule; authority; government.
Regeneracy,The state of being regenerated.
Regenerate,Reproduced.
Regenerateness,The quality or state of being rgenerate.
Regeneration,The act of regenerating  or the state of being regenerated.
Regeneratively,So as to regenerate.
Regenerator,One who  or that which regenerates.
Regeneratory,Having power to renew; tending to reproduce; regenerating.
Regenesis,New birth; renewal.
Regent,Ruling; governing; regnant.
Regentess,A female regent.
Regentship,The office of a regent; regency.
Regerminate,To germinate again.
Regermination,A germinating again or anew.
Regest,A register.
Reget,To get again.
Regian,An upholder of kingly authority; a royalist.
Regible,Governable; tractable.
Regild,To gild anew.
Regimen,Orderly government; system of order; adminisration.
Regiment,Government; mode of ruling; rule; authority; regimen.
Regimented,of Regiment
Regimenting,of Regiment
Regiminal,Of or relating to regimen; as  regiminal rules.
Regional,Of or pertaining to a particular region; sectional.
Regious,Regal; royal.
Registered,of Register
Registering,of Register
Registership,The office of a register.
Registrarship,The office of a registrar.
Registrary,A registrar.
Registrate,To register.
Registration,The act of registering; registry; enrollment.
Regius,Of or pertaining to a king; royal.
Regive,To give again; to give back.
Regle,To rule; to govern.
Reglement,Regulation.
Reglementary,Regulative.
Regmacarp,Any dry dehiscent fruit.
Regnal,Of or pertaining to the reign of a monarch; as  regnal years.
Regnancy,The condition or quality of being regnant; sovereignty; rule.
Regnant,Exercising regal authority; reigning; as  a queen regnant.
Regnative,Ruling; governing.
Regne,See Reign.
Regorge,To vomit up; to eject from the stomach; to throw back.
Regrade,To retire; to go back.
Regraft,To graft again.
Regrant,To grant back; to grant again or anew.
Regrated,of Regrate
Regrating,of Regrate
Regrater,One who regrates.
Regratery,The act or practice of regrating.
Regratiatory,A returning or giving of thanks.
Regrator,One guilty of regrating.
Regrede,To go back; to retrograde  as the apsis of a planet's orbit.
Regredience,A going back; a retrogression; a return.
Regressed,of Regress
Regressing,of Regress
Regressive,Passing back; returning.
Regressively,In a regressive manner.
Regretted,of Regret
Regretting,of Regret
Regretful,Full of regret; indulging in regrets; repining.
Regrow,To grow again.
Regrowth,The act of regrowing; a second or new growth.
Reguardant,Same as Regardant.
Reguerdon,To reward.
Regulable,Capable of being regulated.
Regularize,To cause to become regular; to regulate.
Regularness,Regularity.
Regulated,of Regulate
Regulating,of Regulate
Regulation,The act of regulating  or the state of being regulated.
Regulative,Tending to regulate; regulating.
Regulator,One who  or that which regulates.
Reguline,Of or pertaining to regulus.
Reguluses,of Regulus
Reguli,of Regulus
Regulus,A petty king; a ruler of little power or consequence.
Regurgitation,The act of flowing or pouring back by the orifice of entrance
Rehabilitated,of Rehabilitate
Rehabilitating,of Rehabilitate
Rehabilitation,The act of rehabilitating  or the state of being rehabilitated.
Rehearsed,of Rehearse
Rehearsing,of Rehearse
Rehearser,One who rehearses.
Reheat,To heat again.
Rehibitory,Of or relating to rehibition; as  a rehibitory action.
Rehire,To hire again.
Rehypothecate,To hypothecate again.
Reis,of Rei
Reichsstand,A free city of the former German empire.
Reif,Robbery; spoil.
Reiglement,Rule; regulation.
Reign,Royal authority; supreme power; sovereignty; rule; dominion.
Reigned,of Reign
Reigning,of Reign
Reigner,One who reigns.
Reilluminate,To enlighten again; to reillumine.
Reillumination,The act or process of enlightening again.
Reillumine,To illumine again or anew; to reillume.
Reimbark,See Reembark.
Reimbody,To imbody again.
Reimbursable,Capable of being repaid; repayable.
Reimbursed,of Reimburse
Reimbursing,of Reimburse
Reimbursement,The act reimbursing.
Reimburser,One who reimburses.
Reimplant,To implant again.
Reimportation,The act of reimporting; also  that which is reimported.
Reimportune,To importune again.
Reimpose,To impose anew.
Reimpregnate,To impregnate again or anew.
Reimpress,To impress anew.
Reimpression,A second or repeated impression; a reprint.
Reimprint,To imprint again.
Reimprison,To imprison again.
Reimprisonment,The act of reimprisoning  or the state of being reimprisoned.
Reined,of Rein
Reining,of Rein
Reinaugurate,To inaugurate anew.
Reincit,To incite again.
Reincorporate,To incorporate again.
Reincrease,To increase again.
Reincur,To incur again.
Reinduce,To induce again.
Reinfect,To infect again.
Reinfectious,Capable of reinfecting.
Reinforce,See Reenforce  v. t.
Reinforcement,See Reenforcement.
Reinfund,To flow in anew.
Reingratiate,To ingratiate again or anew.
Reinhabit,To inhabit again.
Reins,The kidneys; also  the region of the kidneys; the loins.
Reinsert,To insert again.
Reinsertion,The act of reinserting.
Reinspect,To inspect again.
Reinspection,The act of reinspecting.
Reinspire,To inspire anew.
Reinspirit,To give fresh spirit to.
Reinstall,To install again.
Reinstallment,A renewed installment.
Reinstation,Reinstatement.
Reinstruct,To instruct anew.
Reinsurance,Insurance a second time or again; renewed insurance.
Reinsurer,One who gives reinsurance.
Reintegration,A renewing  or making whole again. See Redintegration.
Reinter,To inter again.
Reinterrogate,To interrogate again; to question repeatedly.
Reinthrone,See Reenthrone.
Reinthronize,To enthrone again.
Reintroduce,To introduce again.
Reinvest,To invest again or anew.
Reinvestigate,To investigate again.
Reinvestment,The act of investing anew; a second or repeated investment.
Reinvigorate,To invigorate anew.
Reinvolve,To involve anew.
Reissuable,Capable of being reissued.
Reissue,To issue a second time.
Reit,Sedge; seaweed.
Reiterant,Reiterating.
Reiterated,of Reiterate
Reiterating,of Reiterate
Reiteratedly,Repeatedly.
Reiteration,The act of reiterating; that which is reiterated.
Reiterative,A word expressing repeated or reiterated action.
Reiver,See Reaver.
Rejected,of Reject
Rejecting,of Reject
Reject,To cast from one; to throw away; to discard.
Rejectable,Capable of being  or that ought to be rejected.
Rejectaneous,Not chosen or received; rejected.
Rejecter,One who rejects.
Rejection,Act of rejecting  or state of being rejected.
Rejectitious,Implying or requiring rejection; rejectable.
Rejective,Rejecting  or tending to reject.
Rejectment,Act of rejecting; matter rejected  or thrown away.
Rejoiced,of Rejoice
Rejoicing,of Rejoice
Rejoicement,Rejoicing.
Rejoicer,One who rejoices.
Rejoicingly,With joi or exultation.
Rejoined,of Rejoin
Rejoining,of Rejoin
Rejoin,To join again; to unite after separation.
Rejoinder,An answer to a reply; or  in general an answer or reply.
Rejoindure,Act of joining again.
Rejoint,To reunite the joints of; to joint anew.
Rejolt,A reacting jolt or shock; a rebound or recoil.
Rejourn,To adjourn; to put off.
Rejournment,Adjournment.
Rejuvenate,To render young again.
Rejuvenation,Rejuvenescence.
Rejuvenescence,A renewing of youth; the state of being or growing young again.
Rejuvenescency,Rejuvenescence.
Rejuvenescent,Becoming  or causing to become rejuvenated; rejuvenating.
Rejuvenize,To rejuvenate.
Rekindle,To kindle again.
Rekne,To reckon.
Relade,To lade or load again.
Relaid,imp. & p. p. of Relay.
Relapsed,of Relapse
Relapsing,of Relapse
Relapse,To slip or slide back  in a literal sense; to turn back.
Relapser,One who relapses.
Related,of Relate
Relating,of Relate
Relate,To bring back; to restore.
Relatedness,The state or condition of being related; relationship; affinity.
Relater,One who relates or narrates.
Relational,Having relation or kindred; related.
Relationist,A relative; a relation.
Relativeness,The state of being relative  or having relation; relativity.
Relativity,The state of being relative; as  the relativity of a subject.
Relator,One who relates; a relater.
Relatrix,A female relator.
Relaxed,of Relax
Relaxing,of Relax
Relaxable,Capable of being relaxed.
Relaxant,A medicine that relaxes; a laxative.
Relaxative,Having the quality of relaxing; laxative.
Relaying,of Relay
Relay,To lay again; to lay a second time; as  to relay a pavement.
Releasable,That may be released.
Release,To lease again; to grant a new lease of; to let back.
Released,of Release
Releasing,of Release
Releasee,One to whom a release is given.
Releasement,The act of releasing  as from confinement or obligation.
Releaser,One who releases  or sets free.
Releasor,One by whom a release is given.
Relegated,of Relegate
Relegating,of Relegate
Relented,of Relent
Relenting,of Relent
Relentment,The act or process of relenting; the state of having relented.
Relesse,To release.
Relessee,See Releasee.
Relessor,See Releasor.
Re-let,To let anew  as a house.
Relevance,Alt. of Relevancy
Relevant,Relieving; lending aid or support.
Relevantly,In a relevant manner.
Relevation,A raising or lifting up.
Reliability,The state or quality of being reliable; reliableness.
Reliant,Having  or characterized by reliance; confident; trusting.
Relicly,In the manner of relics.
Relict,A woman whose husband is dead; a widow.
Relicted,Left uncovered  as land by recession of water.
Reliefful,Giving relief.
Reliefless,Destitute of relief; also  remediless.
Relier,One who relies.
Relievable,Capable of being relieved; fitted to recieve relief.
Relieved,of Relieve
Relieving,of Relieve
Reliever,One who  or that which relieves.
Relievo,See Relief  n. 5.
Relight,To light or kindle anew.
Religieuse,Alt. of Religieux
Religieux,A person bound by monastic vows; a nun; a monk.
Religionary,Relating to religion; pious; as  religionary professions.
Religioner,A religionist.
Religionism,The practice of  or devotion to religion.
Religionize,To bring under the influence of religion.
Religionless,Destitute of religion.
Religiously,In a religious manner.
Religiousness,The quality of being religious.
Relik,Relic.
Relinquent,Relinquishing.
Relinquished,of Relinquish
Relinquishing,of Relinquish
Relinquisher,One who relinquishes.
Relinquishment,The act of relinquishing.
Relique,See Relic.
Reliquiae,Remains of the dead; organic remains; relics.
Reliquian,Of or pertaining to a relic or relics; of the nature of a relic.
Reliquidate,To liquidate anew; to adjust a second time.
Reliquidation,A second or renewed liquidation; a renewed adjustment.
Relished,of Relish
Relishing,of Relish
Relishable,Capable of being relished; agreeable to the taste; gratifying.
Relive,To live again; to revive.
Reload,To load again  as a gun.
Reloan,A second lending of the same thing; a renewal of a loan.
Relocate,To locate again.
Relocation,A second location.
Relodge,To lodge again.
Relove,To love in return.
Reluctance,Alt. of Reluctancy
Reluctantly,In a reluctant manner.
Reluctate,To struggle against anything; to resist; to oppose.
Reluctation,Repugnance; resistance; reluctance.
Relumed,of Relume
Reluming,of Relume
Relume,To rekindle; to light again.
Relumined,of Relumine
Relumining,of Relumine
Relumine,To light anew; to rekindle.
Relied,of Rely
Relying,of Rely
Remade,imp. & p. p. of Remake.
Remained,of Remain
Remaining,of Remain
Remainder-men,of Remainder-man
Remake,To make anew.
Remanded,of Remand
Remanding,of Remand
Remand,To recommit; to send back.
Remandment,A remand.
Remanence,Alt. of Remanency
Remanency,The state of being remanent; continuance; permanence.
Remanent,That which remains; a remnant; a residue.
Re-mark,To mark again  or a second time; to mark anew.
Remarked,of Remark
Remarking,of Remark
Remarker,One who remarks.
Remarriage,A second or repeated marriage.
Remarry,To marry again.
Remast,To furnish with a new mast or set of masts.
Remasticate,To chew or masticate again; to chew over and over  as the cud.
Remastication,The act of masticating or chewing again or repeatedly.
Remberge,See Ramberge.
Remblai,Earth or materials made into a bank after having been excavated.
Remble,To remove.
Reme,Realm.
Remean,To give meaning to; to explain the meaning of; to interpret.
Remeant,Coming back; returning.
Remeasure,To measure again; to retrace.
Remede,Remedy.
Remediable,Capable of being remedied or cured.
Remedially,In a remedial manner.
Remediate,Remedial.
Remedies,of Remedy
Remedied,of Remedy
Remedying,of Remedy
Remelt,To melt again.
Remembered,of Remember
Remembering,of Remember
Rememberable,Capable or worthy of being remembered.
Rememberer,One who remembers.
Rememorate,To recall something by means of memory; to remember.
Rememoration,A recalling by the faculty of memory; remembrance.
Rememorative,Tending or serving to remind.
Remenant,A remnant.
Remercie,Alt. of Remercy
Remercy,To thank.
Remerge,To merge again.
Remeve,Alt. of Remewe
Remewe,To remove.
Remiform,Shaped like an oar.
Remiges,The quill feathers of the wings of a bird.
Remigrate,To migrate again; to go back; to return.
Remigration,Migration back to the place from which one came.
Remindful,Tending or adapted to remind; careful to remind.
Reminiscency,Reminiscence.
Reminiscential,Of or pertaining to reminiscence  or remembrance.
Remised,of Remise
Remising,of Remise
Remissful,Inclined to remit punishment; lenient; clement.
Remissibility,The state or quality of being remissible.
Remissible,Capable of being remitted or forgiven.
Remission,The act of remitting  surrendering resigning or giving up.
Remissive,Remitting; forgiving; abating.
Remissly,In a remiss or negligent manner; carelessly.
Remissness,Quality or state of being remiss.
Remissory,Serving or tending to remit  or to secure remission; remissive.
Remitted,of Remit
Remitting,of Remit
Remit,To send back; to give up; to surrender; to resign.
Remitment,The act of remitting  or the state of being remitted; remission.
Remittee,One to whom a remittance is sent.
Remittent,Remitting; characterized by remission; having remissions.
Remitter,One who remits.
Remittor,One who makes a remittance; a remitter.
Remix,To mix again or repeatedly.
Remnant,Remaining; yet left.
Remodel,To model or fashion anew; to change the form of.
Remodification,The act of remodifying; the state of being remodified.
Remodify,To modify again or anew; to reshape.
Remolade,Alt. of Remoulad
Remoulad,A kind of piquant sauce or salad dressing resembling mayonnaise.
Remold,Alt. of Remould
Remould,To mold or shape anew or again; to reshape.
Remollient,Mollifying; softening.
Remonetization,The act of remonetizing.
Remonetize,To restore to use as money; as  to remonetize silver.
Remonstrance,The act of remonstrating
Remonstrantly,In a remonstrant manner.
Remonstrated,of Remonstrate
Remonstrating,of Remonstrate
Remonstration,The act of remonstrating; remonstrance.
Remonstrative,Having the character of a remonstrance; expressing remonstrance.
Remonstrator,One who remonstrates; a remonsrant.
Remontoir,See under Escapement.
Remora,Delay; obstacle; hindrance.
Remorate,To hinder; to delay.
Remord,To excite to remorse; to rebuke.
Remordency,Remorse; compunction; compassion.
Remorsed,Feeling remorse.
Remorseful,Full of remorse.
Remotion,The act of removing; removal.
Remount,To mount again.
Removable,Admitting of being removed.
Removal,The act of removing  or the state of being removed.
Removed,of Remove
Removing,of Remove
Remover,One who removes; as  a remover of landmarks.
Remuable,That may be removed; removable.
Remue,To remove.
Remugient,Rebellowing.
Remunerable,Admitting  or worthy of remuneration.
Remunerated,of Remunerate
Remunerating,of Remunerate
Remuneration,The act of remunerating.
Remuneratory,Remunerative.
Remurmur,To murmur again; to utter back  or reply in murmurs.
Ren,See Renne.
Renable,Reasonable; also  loquacious.
Renaissance,A new birth  or revival.
Renaissant,Of or pertaining to the Renaissance.
Renal,Of or pertaining to the kidneys; in the region of the kidneys.
Renal-portal,Both renal and portal. See Portal.
Rename,To give a new name to.
Renard,A fox; -- so called in fables or familiar tales  and in poetry.
Renascence,The state of being renascent.
Renascency,State of being renascent.
Renascible,Capable of being reproduced; ablle to spring again into being.
Renate,Born again; regenerate; renewed.
Renavigate,To navigate again.
Renay,To deny; to disown.
Rencontre,Same as Rencounter  n.
Rencountered,of Rencounter
Rencountering,of Rencounter
Rencounter,To meet unexpectedly; to encounter.
Rent,of Rend
Rending,of Rend
Render,One who rends.
Rendered,of Render
Rendering,of Render
Renderable,Capable of being rendered.
Renderer,One who renders.
Rendezvouses,of Rendezvous
Rendezvoused,of Rendezvous
Rendezvousing,of Rendezvous
Rendible,Capable of being rent or torn.
Rendrock,A kind of dynamite used in blasting.
Renegade,One faithless to principle or party.
Renegado,See Renegade.
Renegat,A renegade.
Renegation,A denial.
Renege,To deny; to disown.
Renerve,To nerve again; to give new vigor to; to reinvigorate.
Reneved,of Renew
Renewing,of Renew
Renewability,The quality or state of being renewable.
Renewable,Capable of being renewed; as  a lease renewable at pleasure.
Renewedly,Again; once more.
Renewedness,The state of being renewed.
Renewer,One who  or that which renews.
Reneye,To deny; to reject; to renounce.
Reng,A rank; a row.
Renidification,The act of rebuilding a nest.
Renitence,Alt. of Renitency
Renitency,The state or quality of being renitent; resistance; reluctance.
Renner,A runner.
Rennet,A name of many different kinds of apples. Cf. Reinette.
Renneted,Provided or treated with rennet.
Renneting,Same as 1st Rennet.
Renning,See 2d Rennet.
Renomee,Renown.
Renounced,of Renounce
Renouncing,of Renounce
Renouncement,The act of disclaiming or rejecting; renunciation.
Renouncer,One who renounces.
Renovate,To make over again; to restore to freshness or vigor; to renew.
Renovator,One who  or that which renovates.
Renovel,To renew; to renovate.
Renovelance,Renewal.
Renowme,Renown.
Renowmed,Renowned.
Renownedly,With renown.
Renowner,One who gives renown.
Renownful,Having great renown; famous.
Renownless,Without renown; inglorius.
Rented,of Rent
Renting,of Rent
Rentable,Capable of being rented  or suitable for renting.
Rentage,Rent.
Rentered,of Renter
Rentering,of Renter
Renterer,One who renters.
Rentier,One who has a fixed income  as from lands stocks or the like.
Renumerate,To recount.
Renunciation,The act of renouncing.
Renverse,To reverse.
Renversement,A reversing.
Renvoy,To send back.
Reobtain,To obtain again.
Reobtainable,That may be reobtained.
Reoccupy,To occupy again.
Reometer,Same as Rheometer.
Reopen,To open again.
Reoppose,To oppose again.
Reorder,To order a second time.
Reordination,A second ordination.
Reorient,Rising again.
Reostat,See Rheostat.
Reotrope,See Rheotrope.
Repace,To pace again; to walk over again in a contrary direction.
Repacify,To pacify again.
Repacker,One who repacks.
Repaganize,To paganize anew; to bring back to paganism.
Repaid,imp. & p. p. of Repay.
Repair,To return.
Repaired,of Repair
Repairing,of Repair
Repairable,Reparable.
Repairer,One who  or that which repairs restores or makes amends.
Repairment,Act of repairing.
Repand,Having a slightly undulating margin; -- said of leaves.
Reparability,The quality or state of being reparable.
Reparably,In a reparable manner.
Reparative,Repairing  or tending to repair.
Reparel,A change of apparel; a second or different suit.
Repartee,A smart  ready and witty reply.
Reparteed,of Repartee
Reparteeing,of Repartee
Repartotion,Another  or an additional separation into parts.
Repassage,The act of repassing; passage back.
Repassant,Counterpassant.
Repast,The act of taking food.
Repaster,One who takes a repast.
Repasture,Food; entertainment.
Repatriate,To restore to one's own country.
Repatriation,Restoration to one's country.
Repaying,of Repay
Repay,To pay back; to refund; as  to repay money borrowed or advanced.
Repayment,The act of repaying; reimbursement.
Repealed,of Repeal
Repealing,of Repeal
Repeal,To recall; to summon again  as persons.
Repealability,The quality or state of being repealable.
Repealable,Capable of being repealed.
Repealment,Recall  as from banishment.
Repeated,of Repeat
Repeating,of Repeat
Repeatedly,More than once; again and again; indefinitely.
Repeater,One who  or that which repeats.
Repedation,A stepping or going back.
Repelled,of Repel
Repelling,of Repel
Repellence,Alt. of Repellency
Repellent,Driving back; able or tending to repel.
Repeller,One who  or that which repels.
Repent,Prostrate and rooting; -- said of stems.
Repented,of Repent
Repenting,of Repent
Repentant,Penitent; sorry for sin.
Repentantly,In a repentant manner.
Repenter,One who repents.
Repentingly,With repentance; penitently.
Repentless,Unrepentant.
Repeople,To people anew.
Repercussed,of Repercuss
Repercussing,of Repercuss
Repercuss,To drive or beat back; hence  to reflect; to reverberate.
Repertitious,Found; gained by finding.
Reperusal,A second or repeated perusal.
Reperuse,To peruse again.
Repetition,The act of repeating; a doing or saying again; iteration.
Repetitional,Alt. of Repetitionary
Repetitionary,Of the nature of  or containing repetition.
Repetitioner,One who repeats.
Repetitious,Repeating; containing repetition.
Repetitive,Containing repetition; repeating.
Repetitor,A private instructor.
Repine,To fail; to wane.
Repiner,One who repines.
Repiningly,With repening or murmuring.
Repkie,Any edible sea urchin.
Replaceability,The quality  state or degree of being replaceable.
Replaceable,Capable or admitting of being put back into a place.
Replacement,The act of replacing.
Replant,To plant again.
Replantable,That may be planted again.
Replantation,The act of planting again; a replanting.
Replead,To plead again.
Replenished,of Replenish
Replenishing,of Replenish
Replenisher,One who replenishes.
Replenishment,The act of replenishing  or the state of being replenished.
Replete,Filled again; completely filled; full; charged; abounding.
Repleteness,The state of being replete.
Repletion,The state of being replete; superabundant fullness.
Repletive,Tending to make replete; filling.
Repletory,Repletive.
Repleviable,Capable of being replevied.
Replevisable,Repleviable.
Replevied,of Replevy
Replevying,of Replevy
Replicant,One who replies.
Replicate,To reply.
Replication,An answer; a reply.
Replier,One who replies.
Replied,of Reply
Replying,of Reply
Reply,To make a return in words or writing; to respond; to answer.
Replies,of Reply
Replyer,See Replier.
Repolish,To polish again.
Repone,To replace.
Repopulation,The act of repeopling; act of furnishing with a population anew.
Reported,of Report
Report,To refer.
Reportable,Capable or admitting of being reported.
Reportage,SAme as Report.
Reporter,One who reports.
Reportingly,By report or common fame.
Reposal,The act or state of reposing; as  the reposal of a trust.
Reposance,Reliance.
Reposed,of Repose
Reposing,of Repose
Reposeful,Full of repose; quiet.
Reposer,One who reposes.
Reposited,of Reposit
Repositing,of Reposit
Reposition,The act of repositing; a laying up.
Repositor,An instrument employed for replacing a displaced organ or part.
Repossess,To possess again; as  to repossess the land.
Repossession,The act or the state of possessing again.
Reposure,Rest; quiet.
Repour,To pour again.
Repousse,Formed in relief  as a pattern on metal.
Reprefe,Reproof.
Reprehended,of Reprehend
Reprehending,of Reprehend
Reprehender,One who reprehends.
Reprehensible,Worthy of reprehension; culpable; censurable; blamable.
Reprehension,Reproof; censure; blame; disapproval.
Reprehensive,Containing reprehension; conveying reproof.
Reprehensory,Containing reproof; reprehensive; as  reprehensory complaint.
Re-present,To present again; as  to re-present the points of an argument.
Representable,Capable of being represented.
Representance,Representation; likeness.
Representant,Appearing or acting for another; representing.
Representation,The act of representing  in any sense of the verb.
Representationary,Implying representation; representative.
Representative,Fitted to represent; exhibiting a similitude.
Representatively,In a representative manner; vicariously.
Representativeness,The quality or state of being representative.
Representer,One who shows  exhibits or describes.
Representment,Representation.
Repress,To press again.
Represser,One who  or that which represses.
Repressible,Capable of being repressed.
Reprevable,Reprovable.
Repreve,To reprove.
Repriefe,Repreve.
Reprieval,Reprieve.
Reprieved,of Reprieve
Reprieving,of Reprieve
Reprimand,Severe or formal reproof; reprehension  private or public.
Reprimanded,of Reprimand
Reprimanding,of Reprimand
Reprimander,One who reprimands.
Reprint,To print again; to print a second or a new edition of.
Reprinter,One who reprints.
Reprise,A taking by way of retaliation.
Repristinate,To restore to an original state.
Repristination,Restoration to an original state; renewal of purity.
Reprive,To take back or away.
Reprize,See Reprise.
Reprizes,See Reprise  n. 2.
Reproached,of Reproach
Reproaching,of Reproach
Reproachablr,Deserving reproach; censurable.
Reproacher,One who reproaches.
Reproachless,Being without reproach.
Reprobacy,Reprobation.
Reprobance,Reprobation.
Reprobated,of Reprobate
Reprobating,of Reprobate
Reprobateness,The state of being reprobate.
Reprobater,One who reprobates.
Reprobationer,One who believes in reprobation. See Reprobation  2.
Reprobative,Of or pertaining to reprobation; expressing reprobation.
Reprobatory,Reprobative.
Reproduce,To produce again.
Reproducer,One who  or that which reproduces.
Reproduction,The act or process of reproducing; the state of being reproduced
Reproductory,Reproductive.
Reproof,Refutation; confutation; contradiction.
Reprovable,Worthy of reproof or censure.
Re proval,Reproof.
Reproved,of Reprove
Reproving,of Reprove
Reprove,To convince.
Reprover,One who  or that which reproves.
Reprovingly,In a reproving manner.
Reprune,To prune again or anew.
Reptant,Same as Repent.
Reptantia,A division of gastropods; the Pectinibranchiata.
Reptation,The act of creeping.
Reptatory,Creeping.
Reptilian,Belonging to the reptiles.
Republic,Common weal.
Republican,Of or pertaining to a republic.
Republicanized,of Republicanize
Republicanizing,of Republicanize
Republicate,To make public again; to republish.
Republished,of Republish
Republishing,of Republish
Republisher,One who republishes.
Repudiable,Admitting of repudiation; fit or proper to be put away.
Repudiated,of Repudiate
Repudiating,of Repudiate
Repudiator,One who repudiates.
Repugn,To fight against; to oppose; to resist.
Repugnable,Capable of being repugned or resisted.
Repugnance,Alt. of Repugnancy
Repugnantly,In a repugnant manner.
Repugnate,To oppose; to fight against.
Repugner,One who repugns.
Repullulate,To bud again.
Repullulation,The act of budding again; the state of having budded again.
Repulsed,of Repulse
Repulsing,of Repulse
Repulseless,Not capable of being repulsed.
Repulser,One who repulses  or drives back.
Repulsive,Serving  or able to repulse; repellent; as a repulsive force.
Repulsory,Repulsive; driving back.
Repurchase,To buy back or again; to regain by purchase.
Repurify,To purify again.
Reputatively,By repute.
Reputed,of Repute
Reputing,of Repute
Reputedly,In common opinion or estimation; by repute.
Reputeless,Not having good repute; disreputable; disgraceful; inglorius.
Requere,To require.
Requested,of Request
Requesting,of Request
Requester,One who requests; a petitioner.
Requicken,To quicken anew; to reanimate; to give new life to.
Requiem,A mass said or sung for the repose of a departed soul.
Requietory,A sepulcher.
Requirable,Capable of being required; proper to be required.
Required,of Require
Requiring,of Require
Requirement,The act of requiring; demand; requisition.
Requirer,One who requires.
Requisitionist,One who makes or signs a requisition.
Requisitive,Expressing or implying demand.
Requisitory,Sought for; demanded.
Requitable,That may be requited.
Requited,of Requite
Requiting,of Requite
Requitement,Requital
Requiter,One who requites.
Rerebrace,Armor for the upper part of the arm.
Reredemain,A backward stroke.
Reredos,A screen or partition wall behind an altar.
Rereign,To reign again.
Re-reiterate,To reiterate many times.
Re-resolve,To resolve again.
Rereward,The rear guard of an army.
Res,of Res
Resail,To sail again; also  to sail back as to a former port.
Resale,A sale at second hand  or at retail; also a second sale.
Resalgar,Realgar.
Resalute,To salute again.
Rescat,To ransom; to release; to rescue.
Rescinded,of Rescind
Rescinding,of Rescind
Rescind,To cut off; to abrogate; to annul.
Rescindable,Capable of being rescinded.
Rescindment,The act of rescinding; rescission.
Rescissory,Tending to rescind; rescinding.
Rescous,Rescue; deliverance.
Rescowe,To rescue.
Rescribe,To write back; to write in reply.
Rescription,A writing back; the answering of a letter.
Rescriptively,By rescript.
Rescuable,That may be rescued.
Rescued,of Rescue
Rescuing,of Rescue
Rescueless,Without rescue or release.
Rescuer,One who rescues.
Rescussee,The party in whose favor a rescue is made.
Rescussor,One who makes an unlawful rescue; a rescuer.
Rese,To shake; to quake; to tremble.
Re-search,To search again; to examine anew.
Researcher,One who researches.
Researchful,Making researches; inquisitive.
Reseat,To seat or set again  as on a chair throne etc.
Resected,of Resect
Resecting,of Resect
Resect,To cut or pare off; to remove by cutting.
Resection,The act of cutting or paring off.
Reseda,A genus of plants  the type of which is mignonette.
Reseek,To seek again.
Reseize,To seize again  or a second time.
Reseizer,One who seizes again.
Reseizure,A second seizure; the act of seizing again.
Resell,To sell again; to sell what has been bought or sold; to retail.
Resemblable,Admitting of being compared; like.
Resemblant,Having or exhibiting resemblance; resembling.
Resembled,of Resemble
Resembling,of Resemble
Resembler,One who resembles.
Resemblingly,So as to resemble; with resemblance or likeness.
Reseminate,To produce again by means of seed.
Resend,To send again; as  to resend a message.
Resented,of Resent
Resenting,of Resent
Resent,To be sensible of; to feel
Resenter,One who resents.
Resentful,Inclined to resent; easily provoked to anger; irritable.
Resentiment,Resentment.
Resentingly,With deep sense or strong perception.
Resentive,Resentful.
Resentment,The act of resenting.
Reserate,To unlock; to open.
Reservance,Reservation.
Reservative,Tending to reserve or keep; keeping; reserving.
Reservatory,A place in which things are reserved or kept.
Reserved,of Reserve
Reserving,of Reserve
Reserve,To keep back; to retain; not to deliver  make over or disclose.
Reserver,One who reserves.
Reservist,A member of a reserve force of soldiers or militia.
Reservor,One who reserves; a reserver.
Resetter,One who receives or conceals  as stolen goods or criminal.
Resettle,To settle again.
Reshape,To shape again.
Reshipment,The act of reshipping; also  that which is reshippped.
Reshipper,One who reships.
Resiance,Residence; abode.
Resiant,Resident; present in a place.
Resided,of Reside
Residing,of Reside
Residency,Residence.
Residenter,A resident.
Residentiaryship,The office or condition of a residentiary.
Residentship,The office or condition of a resident.
Resider,One who resides in a place.
Residual,Pertaining to a residue; remaining after a part is taken.
Residuous,Remaining; residual.
Resiege,To seat again; to reinstate.
Re-sign,To affix one's signature to  a second time; to sign again.
Resigned,of Resign
Resigning,of Resign
Re sign,Resignation.
Resignedly,With submission.
Resigner,One who resigns.
Resignment,The act of resigning.
Resiled,of Resile
Resiling,of Resile
Resile,To start back; to recoil; to recede from a purpose.
Resilience,Alt. of Resiliency
Resilient,Leaping back; rebounding; recoiling.
Resilition,Resilience.
Resinaceous,Having the quality of resin; resinous.
Resinate,Any one of the salts the resinic acids.
Resinic,Pertaining to  or obtained from resin; as the resinic acids.
Resiniferous,Yielding resin; as  a resiniferous tree or vessel.
Resiniform,Having the form of resin.
Resino-electric,Containing or exhibiting resinous electricity.
Resinoid,Somewhat like resin.
Resinously,By means  or in the manner of resin.
Resinousness,The quality of being resinous.
Resiny,Like resin; resinous.
Resipiscence,Wisdom derived from severe experience; hence  repentance.
Resisted,of Resist
Resisting,of Resist
Resist,To stand against; to withstand; to obstruct.
Resistance,The act of resisting; opposition  passive or active.
Resistant,Making resistance; resisting.
Resister,One who resists.
Resistful,Making much resistance.
Resistibility,The quality of being resistible; resistibleness.
Resistible,Capable of being resisted; as  a resistible force.
Resistive,Serving to resist.
Resistless,Having no power to resist; making no opposition.
Resoluteness,The quality of being resolute.
Resolutionist,One who makes a resolution.
Resolutive,Serving to dissolve or relax.
Resolutory,Resolutive.
Resolvability,The quality or condition of being resolvable; resolvableness.
Resolvableness,The quality of being resolvable; resolvability.
Resolved,of Resolve
Resolving,of Resolve
Resolvedly,So as to resolve or clear up difficulties; clearly.
Resolvedness,Fixedness of purpose; firmness; resolution.
Resolvent,Having power to resolve; causing solution; solvent.
Resolver,That which decomposes  or dissolves.
Resonance,The act of resounding; the quality or state of being resonant.
Resonancy,Resonance.
Resonantly,In a resonant manner.
Resorb,To swallow up.
Resorbent,Swallowing up.
Resorcylic,Of  or pertaining to or producing resorcin; as resorcylic acid.
Resort,Active power or movement; spring.
Resorted,of Resort
Resorting,of Resort
Resorter,One who resorts; a frequenter.
Resoun,Reason.
Re-sound,To sound again or anew.
Resounded,of Resound
Resounding,of Resound
Resound,To sound loudly; as  his voice resounded far.
Resourceful,Full of resources.
Resourceless,Destitute of resources.
Resow,To sow again.
Resown,To resound.
Respeak,To speak or utter again.
Respected,of Respect
Respecting,of Respect
Respectant,Placed so as to face one another; -- said of animals.
Respecter,One who respects.
Respectful,Marked or characterized by respect; as  respectful deportment.
Respection,The act of respecting; respect; regard.
Respective,Noticing with attention; hence  careful; wary; considerate.
Respectless,Having no respect; without regard; regardless.
Respectuous,Respectful; as  a respectuous silence.
Respell,To spell again.
Resperse,To sprinkle; to scatter.
Respersion,The act of sprinkling or scattering.
Respirability,The quality or state of being respirable; respirableness.
Respirable,Suitable for being breathed; adapted for respiration.
Respirational,Of or pertaining to respiration; as  respirational difficulties.
Respirative,Of or pertaining to respiration; as  respirative organs.
Respired,of Respire
Respiring,of Respire
Respire,To take breath again; hence  to take rest or refreshment.
Respited,of Respite
Respiting,of Respite
Respiteless,Without respite.
Resplendence,Alt. of Resplendency
Resplendent,Shining with brilliant luster; very bright.
Resplendishant,Resplendent; brilliant.
Resplendishing,Resplendent.
Resplit,To split again.
Responded,of Respond
Responding,of Respond
Respondence,Alt. of Respondency
Responsal,Answerable.
Response,The act of responding.
Responseless,Giving no response.
Responsion,The act of answering.
Responsive,That responds; ready or inclined to respond.
Responsorial,Responsory; antiphonal.
Responsory,Containing or making answer; answering.
Rest,To arrest.
Rested,of Rest
Resting,of Rest
Restagnant,Stagnant; motionless.
Restagnate,To stagnate; to cease to flow.
Restagnation,Stagnation.
Restant,Persistent.
Restate,To state anew.
Restaurant,An eating house.
Restaurate,To restore.
Restaurateur,The keeper of an eathing house or a restaurant.
Restauration,Restoration.
Restful,Being at rest; quiet.
Restiff,Restive.
Restiffness,Restiveness.
Restily,In a resty manner.
Restinction,Act of quenching or extingishing.
Restiness,The quality or state of being resty; sluggishness.
Restinguish,To quench or extinguish.
Restitute,To restore to a former state.
Restitutor,One who makes restitution.
Restoral,Restoration.
Restorationer,A Restorationist.
Restorationism,The belief or doctrines of the Restorationists.
Restorative,Of or pertaining to restoration; having power to restore.
Restoratively,In a restorative manner.
Restorator,A restaurateur.
Restoratory,Restorative.
Re-store,To store again; as  the goods taken out were re-stored.
Restored,of Restore
Restoring,of Restore
Restorement,Restoration.
Restorer,One who  or that which restores.
Restrained,of Restrain
Restraining,of Restrain
Restrainable,Capable of being restrained; controllable.
Restrainedly,With restraint.
Restrainer,One who  or that which restrains.
Restrainment,The act of restraining.
Restrengthen,To strengthen again; to fortify anew.
Restrict,Restricted.
Restricted,of Restrict
Restricting,of Restrict
Restrictionary,Restrictive.
Restringed,of Restringe
Restringing,of Restringe
Restringe,To confine; to contract; to stringe.
Restringency,Quality or state of being restringent; astringency.
Restringent,Restringing; astringent; styptic.
Restrive,To strive anew.
Resubjection,A second subjection.
Resublime,To sublime again.
Resudation,Act of sweating again.
Resulted,of Result
Resulting,of Result
Result,To leap back; to rebound.
Resultance,The act of resulting; that which results; a result.
Resultate,A result.
Resultful,HAving results or effects.
Resultive,Resultant.
Resultless,Being without result; as  resultless investigations.
Resumable,Capable of  or admitting of being resumed.
Resumed,of Resume
Resuming,of Resume
Resummon,To summon again.
Resummons,A second summons.
Resupinated,Resupinate.
Resupine,Lying on the back; supine; hence  careless.
Resupply,To supply again.
Resurgence,The act of rising again; resurrection.
Resurgent,Rising again  as from the dead.
Resurrect,To take from the grave; to disinter.
Resurrection,A rising again; the resumption of vigor.
Resurrectionist,One who steals bodies from the grave  as for dissection.
Resurrectionize,To raise from the dead.
Resurvey,To survey again or anew; to review.
Resuscitable,Capable of resuscitation; as  resuscitable plants.
Resuscitant,One who  or that which resuscitates. Also used adjectively.
Resuscitate,Restored to life.
Resuscitated,of Resuscitate
Resuscitating,of Resuscitate
Resuscitation,The act of resuscitating  or state of being resuscitated.
Resuscitative,Tending to resuscitate; reviving; revivifying.
Resuscitator,One who  or that which resuscitates.
Ret,See Aret.
Retailed,of Retail
Retailing,of Retail
Retailment,The act of retailing.
Retained,of Retain
Retaining,of Retain
Retainable,Capable of being retained.
Retainal,The act of retaining; retention.
Retainer,One who  or that which retains.
Retainment,The act of retaining; retention.
Retake,To take or receive again.
Retaker,One who takes again what has been taken; a recaptor.
Retaliated,of Retaliate
Retaliating,of Retaliate
Retaliative,Same as Retaliatory.
Retarded,of Retard
Retarding,of Retard
Retardative,Tending  or serving to retard.
Retarder,One who  or that which retards.
Retardment,The act of retarding; retardation.
Retched,of Retch
Retching,of Retch
Retch,To make an effort to vomit; to strain  as in vomiting.
Retchless,Careless; reckless.
Retecious,Resembling network; retiform.
Retection,Act of disclosing or uncovering something concealed.
Retell,To tell again.
Retent,That which is retained.
Retention,The act of retaining  or the state of being ratined.
Retentive,Having power to retain; as  a retentive memory.
Retentively,In a retentive manner.
Retentiveness,The quality of being retentive.
Retex,To annual  as orders.
Retexture,The act of weaving or forming again.
Rethor,A rhetorician; a careful writer.
Rethoryke,Rhetoric.
Retiary,Any spider which spins webs to catch its prey.
Reticency,Reticence.
Reticent,Inclined to keep silent; reserved; uncommunicative.
Reticle,A small net.
Reticularian,One of the Reticularia.
Reticularly,In a reticular manner.
Reticulate,Alt. of Reticulated
Reticulosa,Same as Reticularia.
Reticulose,Forming a network; characterized by a reticulated sructure.
Reticula,of Reticulum
Retinacula,of Retinaculum
Retinal,Of or pertaining to the retina.
Retinasphalt,Alt. of Retinasphaltum
Retinasphaltum,Retinite.
Retinerved,Having reticulated veins.
Retinea,of Retineum
Retinitis,Inflammation of the retina.
Retinoid,Resinlike  or resinform; resembling a resin without being such.
Retiniphorae,of Retinophora
Retinophoral,Of or pertaining to retinophorae.
Retinulae,of Retinula
Retinulate,Having  or characterized by retinul/.
Retiped,A bird having small polygonal scales covering the tarsi.
Retiracy,Retirement; -- mostly used in a jocose or burlesque way.
Retired,of Retire
Retiring,of Retire
Retire,To withdraw; to take away; -- sometimes used reflexively.
Retirer,One who retires.
Retistene,A white crystalline hydrocarbon produced indirectly from retene.
Retold,imp. & p. p. of Retell.
Retorsion,Same as Retortion.
Retorted,of Retort
Retorting,of Retort
Retort,To bend or curve back; as  a retorted line.
Retorter,One who retorts.
Retortion,Act of retorting or throwing back; reflection or turning back.
Retortive,Containing retort.
Retoss,To toss back or again.
Retoucher,One who retouches.
Retrace,To trace back  as a line.
Retracted,of Retract
Retracting,of Retract
Retractable,Capable of being retracted; retractile.
Retractate,To retract; to recant.
Retractation,The act of retracting what has been said; recantation.
Retractible,Retractable.
Retractive,Serving to retract; of the nature of a retraction.
Retractor,One who  or that which retracts.
Retraict,Retreat.
Retrait,A portrait; a likeness.
Retransform,To transform anew or back.
Retread,To tread again.
Retreated,of Retreat
Retreating,of Retreat
Retreatful,Furnishing or serving as a retreat.
Retreatment,The act of retreating; specifically  the Hegira.
Retrenched,of Retrench
Retrenching,of Retrench
Retrench,To cut off; to pare away.
Retributer,One who makes retribution.
Retribution,The act of retributing; repayment.
Retributive,Alt. of Retributory
Retrievable,That may be retrieved or recovered; admitting of retrieval.
Retrieval,The act retrieving.
Retrieved,of Retrieve
Retrieving,of Retrieve
Retrievement,Retrieval.
Retriever,One who retrieves.
Retrim,To trim again.
Retriment,Refuse; dregs.
Retroaction,Action returned  or action backward.
Retroactively,In a retroactive manner.
Retrocession,The act of retroceding.
Retrocopulant,Copulating backward  or from behind.
Retrocopulation,Copulation from behind.
Retroduction,A leading or bringing back.
Retroflex,Alt. of Retroflexed
Retroflexed,Reflexed; bent or turned abruptly backward.
Retrofract,Alt. of Retrofracted
Retrofracted,Refracted; as  a retrofract stem.
Retrogenerative,Begetting young by retrocopulation.
Retrogradation,The act of retrograding  or moving backward.
Retrograded,of Retrograde
Retrograding,of Retrograde
Retrogradingly,By retrograding; so as to retrograde.
Retrogress,Retrogression.
Retrogression,The act of retrograding  or going backward; retrogradation.
Retrogressively,In a retrogressive manner.
Retromingency,The quality or state of being retromingent.
Retromingent,Organized so as to discharge the urine backward.
Retropulsive,Driving back; repelling.
Retrorse,Bent backward or downward.
Retrospect,To look backward; hence  to affect or concern what is past.
Retrospection,The act  or the faculty of looking back on things past.
Retrospectively,By way of retrospect.
Retrousse,Turned up; -- said of a pug nose.
Retrovaccination,The inoculation of a cow with human vaccine virus.
Retroverted,of Retrovert
Retroverting,of Retrovert
Retrovert,To turn back.
Retruded,of Retrude
Retruding,of Retrude
Retrude,To thrust back.
Retruse,Abstruse.
Retrusion,The act of retruding  or the state of being retruded.
Rette,See Aret.
Rettery,A place or establishment where flax is retted. See Ret.
Re-turn,To turn again.
Returned,of Return
Returning,of Return
Returnable,Capable of  or admitting of being returned.
Returner,One who returns.
Returnless,Admitting no return.
Retuse,Having the end rounded and slightly indented; as  a retuse leaf.
Reule,Rule.
Reume,Realm.
Reunite,To unite again; to join after separation or variance.
Reunitedly,In a reunited manner.
Reunition,A second uniting.
Reurge,To urge again.
Revaccinate,To vaccinate a second time or again.
Revalescence,The act of growing well; the state of being revalescent.
Revalescent,Growing well; recovering strength.
Revaluation,A second or new valuation.
Revamp,To vamp again; hence  to patch up; to reconstruct.
Reve,To reave.
Revealed,of Reveal
Revealing,of Reveal
Revealability,The quality or state of being revealable; revealableness.
Revealable,Capable of being revealed.
Revealer,One who  or that which reveals.
Revealment,Act of revealing.
Revegetate,To vegetate anew.
Revel,See Reveal.
Reveled,of Revel
Revelled,of Revel
Reveling,of Revel
Revelling,of Revel
Revelate,To reveal.
Revelator,One who makes a revelation; a revealer.
Reveler,One who revels.
Revellent,Causing revulsion; revulsive.
Revelment,The act of reveling.
Revelous,Fond of festivity; given to merrymaking or reveling.
Revel-rout,Tumultuous festivity; revelry.
Revelry,The act of engaging in a revel; noisy festivity; reveling.
Revendicated,of Revendicate
Revendicating,of Revendicate
Revendicate,To reclaim; to demand the restoration of.
Revendication,The act of revendicating.
Revenged,of Revenge
Revenging,of Revenge
Revengeable,Capable of being revenged; as  revengeable wrong.
Revengeance,Vengeance; revenge.
Revengeless,Unrevenged.
Revengement,Revenge.
Revenger,One who revenges.
Reverb,To echo.
Reverberant,Having the quality of reverberation; reverberating.
Reverberate,Reverberant.
Reverberated,of Reverberate
Reverberating,of Reverberate
Reverberator,One who  or that which produces reverberation.
Reverberatory,Producing reverberation; acting by reverberation; reverberative.
Reverdure,To cover again with verdure.
Revered,of Revere
Revering,of Revere
Reverenced,of Reverence
Reverencing,of Reverence
Reverencer,One who regards with reverence.
Reverendly,Reverently.
Reverentially,In a reverential manner.
Reverently,In a reverent manner; in respectful regard.
Reverer,One who reveres.
Reveries,of Revery
Reverie,Alt. of Revery
Reversal,Intended to reverse; implying reversal.
Reversed,of Reverse
Reversing,of Reverse
Reversedly,In a reversed way.
Reverseless,Irreversible.
Reversely,In a reverse manner; on the other hand; on the opposite.
Reverser,One who reverses.
Reversibility,The quality of being reversible.
Reversibly,In a reversible manner.
Reversion,The act of returning  or coming back; return.
Reversis,A certain game at cards.
Reverted,of Revert
Reverting,of Revert
Revert,To turn back  or to the contrary; to reverse.
Reverter,One who  or that which reverts.
Revertive,Reverting  or tending to revert; returning.
Revest,To clothe again; to cover  as with a robe; to robe.
Revestry,Same as Revestiary.
Revestture,Vesture.
Revetted,of Revet
Revetting,of Revet
Revet,To face  as an embankment with masonry wood or other material.
Revibrate,To vibrate back or in return.
Revict,To reconquer.
Reviction,Return to life.
Revictual,To victual again.
Revie,To vie with  or rival in return.
Review/d,of Review
Reveiwing,of Review
Review,To view or see again; to look back on.
Reviewable,Capable of being reviewed.
Reviewal,A review.
Revigorate,Having new vigor or strength; invigorated anew.
Reviled,of Revile
Reviling,of Revile
Reviler,One who reviles.
Revince,To overcome; to refute  as error.
Revindicate,To vindicate again; to reclaim; to demand and take back.
Revirescence,A growing green or fresh again; renewal of youth or vigor.
Revisable,That may be revised.
Revised,of Revise
Revising,of Revise
Reviser,One who revises.
Revisional,Alt. of Revisionary
Revisionary,Of or pertaining to revision; revisory.
Revisit,To visit again.
Revisitation,The act of revisiting.
Revisory,Having the power or purpose to revise; revising.
Revitalize,To restore vitality to; to bring back to life.
Revivable,That may be revived.
Revival,The act of reviving  or the state of being revived.
Revivalism,The spirit of religious revivals; the methods of revivalists.
Revivalistic,Pertaining to revivals.
Revived,of Revive
Reviving,of Revive
Revivement,Revival.
Reviver,One who  or that which revives.
Revivificate,To revive; to recall or restore to life.
Revivify,To cause to revive.
Reviviscence,Alt. of Reviviscency
Reviviscent,Able or disposed to revive; reviving.
Revocability,The quality of being revocable; as  the revocability of a law.
Revocate,To recall; to call back.
Revocation,The act of calling back  or the state of being recalled; recall.
Revoked,of Revoke
Revoking,of Revoke
Revoke,To call or bring back; to recall.
Revokement,Revocation.
Revoker,One who revokes.
Revokingly,By way of revocation.
Revolted,of Revolt
Revolting,of Revolt
Revolter,One who revolts.
Revoluble,Capable of revolving; rotatory; revolving.
Revolute,Rolled backward or downward.
Revolutioner,One who is engaged in effecting a revolution; a revolutionist.
Revolutioniezed,of Revolutionize
Revolutionizing,of Revolutionize
Revolutive,Inclined to revolve things in the mind; meditative.
Revolvable,That may be revolved.
Revolved,of Revolve
Revolving,of Revolve
Revolvement,Act of revolving.
Revolvency,The act or state of revolving; revolution.
Revulse,To pull back with force.
Revulsion,A strong pulling or drawing back; withdrawal.
Revulsive,Causing  or tending to revulsion.
Rew,A row.
Rewake,To wake again.
Rewarded,of Reward
Rewarding,of Reward
Rewardable,Worthy of reward.
Rewarder,One who rewards.
Rewardful,Yielding reward.
Rewardless,Having  or affording no reward.
Rewe,To rue.
Rewet,A gunlock.
Rewful,Rueful.
Rewin,To win again  or win back.
Rewle,Rule.
Rewme,Realm.
Reword,To repeat in the same words; to reecho.
Rewrite,To write again.
Rewth,Ruth.
Reges,of Rex
Rex,A king.
Reyn,Rain or rein.
Reyse,To raise.
Rhabarbarate,Impregnated or tinctured with rhubarb.
Rhabarbarin,Alt. of Rhabarbarine
Rhabarbarine,Chrysophanic acid.
Rhabdocoelous,Of or pertaining to the Rhabdocoela.
Rhabdoidal,See Sagittal.
Rhabdology,Same as Rabdology.
Rhabdomancy,Same as Rabdomancy.
Rhabdomere,One of the several parts composing a rhabdom.
Rhabdophora,An extinct division of Hydrozoa which includes the graptolities.
Rhabdosphere,A minute sphere composed of rhabdoliths.
Rhachialgia,See Rachialgia.
Rhachises,of Rhachis
Rhachides,of Rhachis
Rhachis,The spine.
Rhachitis,See Rachitis.
Rh/tian,Rhetain.
Rh/tizite,A variety of the mineral cyanite.
Rhamadan,See Ramadan.
Rhamphothecae,of Rhamphotheca
Rhamphotheca,The horny covering of the bill of birds.
Rhaponticine,Chrysophanic acid.
Rhapsode,A rhapsodist.
Rhapsoder,A rhapsodist.
Rhapsodic,Alt. of Rhapsodic
Rhapsodized,of Rhapsodize
Rhapsodizing,of Rhapsodize
Rhapsodize,To utter as a rhapsody  or in the manner of a rhapsody
Rhapsodomancy,Divination by means of verses.
Rhapsodies,of Rhapsody
Rhatany,Alt. of Rhatanhy
Rheae,A suborder of struthious birds including the rheas.
Rheeboc,The peele.
Rhein,Chrysophanic acid.
Rhemish,Of or pertaining to Rheimis  or Reima in France.
Rhenish,Of or pertaining to the river Rhine; as  Rhenish wine.
Rheometric,Of or pertaining to a rheometer or rheometry.
Rheometry,The measurement of the force or intensity of currents.
Rheomotor,Any apparatus by which an electrical current is originated.
Rhesus,A monkey; the bhunder.
Rhetic,Same as Rhaetic.
Rhetizite,Same as Rhaetizite.
Rhetor,A rhetorician.
Rhetoricate,To play the orator.
Rhetorication,Rhetorical amplification.
Rhetorician,One well versed in the rules and principles of rhetoric.
Rhetorized,of Rhetorize
Rhetorizing,of Rhetorize
Rhetorize,To play the orator.
Rheum,A genus of plants. See Rhubarb.
Rheumatic,Derived from  or having the character of rheum; rheumic.
Rheumatismal,Of or pertaining to rheumatism.
Rheumatismoid,Of or resembling rheum or rheumatism.
Rheumic,Pertaining to  or characterized by rheum.
Rhime,See Rhyme.
Rhinal,Og or pertaining to the nose or olfactory organs.
Rhinaster,The borele.
Rhine,A water course; a ditch.
Rhinencephalic,Of or pertaining to the rhinencephalon.
Rhinencephala,of Rhinencephalon
Rhino,Gold and silver  or money.
Rhinocerial,Alt. of Rhinocerical
Rhinocerote,A rhinoceros.
Rhinocerotic,Of or pertaining to the rhinoceros.
Rhinolite,Alt. of Rhinolith
Rhinolith,A concretion formed within the cavities of the nose.
Rhinological,Of or pertaining to rhinology.
Rhinologist,One skilled in rhinology.
Rhinology,The science which treats of the nose  and its diseases.
Rhinolophine,Like or pertaining to the rhinolophids  or horseshoe bats.
Rhinoplastic,Of or pertaining to rhinoplasty; as  a rhinoplastic operation.
Rhinoscope,A small mirror for use in rhinoscopy.
Rhinoscopic,Of or pertaining to rhinoscopy.
Rhinothecae,of Rhinotheca
Rhinotheca,The sheath of the upper mandible of a bird.
Rhipipteran,Same as Rhipipter.
Rhizanthous,Producing flowers from a rootstock  or apparently from a root.
Rhizodont,A reptile whose teeth are rooted in sockets  as the crocodile.
Rhizogan,Prodicing roots.
Rhizoid,A rootlike appendage.
Rhizomata,of Rhizoma
Rhizoma,SAme as Rhizome.
Rhizomatous,Having the nature or habit of a rhizome or rootstock.
Rhizome,A rootstock. See Rootstock.
Rhizophaga,A division of marsupials. The wombat is the type.
Rhizophagous,Feeding on roots; root-eating.
Rhizophora,A genus of trees including the mangrove. See Mangrove.
Rhizophorous,Bearing roots.
Rhizopod,One of the Rhizopoda.
Rhizopodous,Of or pertaining to the rhizopods.
Rhizostome,One of the Rhizostomata.
Rhizotaxis,The arrangement of the roots of plants.
Rhob,See 1st Rob.
Rhodanate,A salt of rhodanic acid; a sulphocyanate.
Rhodeoretin,Same as Convolvuln.
Rhodian,Of or pertaining to Rhodes  an island of the Mediterranean.
Rhodic,Of or pertaining to rhodium; containing rhodium.
Rhodocrinite,A rose encrinite.
Rhodomontade,See Rodomontade.
Rhodomontader,See Rodomontador.
Rhodopsin,The visual purple. See under Visual.
Rhodosperm,Any seaweed with red spores.
Rhombic,Shaped like a rhomb.
Rhomboganoidei,Same as Ginglymodi.
Rhombohedric,Rhombohedral.
Rhombohedron,A solid contained by six rhomboids; a parallelopiped.
Rhomboidal,Having  or approaching the shape of a rhomboid.
Rhomboides,A rhomboid.
Rhomboid-ovate,Between rhomboid and ovate  or oval in shape.
Rhomb spar,A variety of dolomite.
Rhombus,Same as Rhomb  1.
Rhonchal,Rhonchial.
Rhonchial,Of or pertaining to a rhonchus; produced by rhonchi.
Rhonchisonant,Making a snorting noise; snorting.
Rhonchi,of Rhonchus
Rhopalia,of Rhopalium
Rhubarby,Like rhubarb.
Rhus,A genus of shrubs and small treets. See Sumac.
Rhymed,of Rhyme
Rhyming,of Rhyme
Rhymeless,Destitute of rhyme.
Rhymery,The art or habit of making rhymes; rhyming; -- in contempt.
Rhymester,A rhymer; a maker of poor poetry.
Rhymic,Pertaining to rhyme.
Rhymist,A rhymer; a rhymester.
Rhynchocoela,Same as Nemertina.
Rhyncholite,A fossil cephalopod beak.
Rhynchophore,One of the Rhynchophora.
Rhynchota,Same as Hemiptera.
Rhyparography,In ancient art  the painting of genre or still-life pictures.
Rhythmer,One who writes in rhythm  esp. in poetic rhythm or meter.
Rhythmic,Alt. of Rhythmical
Rhythmical,Pertaining to  or of the nature of rhythm
Rhythmically,In a rhythmical manner.
Rhythming,Writing rhythm; verse making.
Rhythmless,Being without rhythm.
Rhythmus,Rhythm.
Rhytina,See Rytina.
Rial,A Spanish coin. See Real.
Ribbed,of Rib
Ribbing,of Rib
Ribald,A low  vulgar brutal foul-mouthed wretch; a lewd fellow.
Ribaldish,Like a ribald.
Ribaldrous,Of a ribald quality.
Riban,See Ribbon.
Riband,See Ribbon.
Ribanded,Ribboned.
Ribaud,A ribald.
Ribaudred,Alt. of Ribaudrous
Ribaudrous,Filthy; obscene; ribald.
Ribaudry,Ribaldry.
Ribaudy,Ribaldry.
Ribauld,A ribald.
Ribband,A ribbon.
Ribboned,of Ribbon
Ribboning,of Ribbon
Ribibe,A sort of stringed instrument; a rebec.
Ribible,A small threestringed viol; a rebec.
Ribless,Having no ribs.
Ribroast,To beat soundly.
Ricebird,The Java sparrow.
Richesse,Wealth; riches. See the Note under Riches.
Richly,In a rich manner.
Ricinoleate,A salt of ricinoleic acid; -- formerly called palmate.
Ricinolic,Ricinoleic.
Ricker,A stout pole for use in making a rick  or for a spar to a boat.
Ricketish,Rickety.
Rickety,Affected with rickets.
Rickrack,A kind of openwork edging made of serpentine braid.
Rickstand,A flooring or framework on which a rick is made.
Ricochetted,of Ricochet
Ricochetting,of Ricochet
Rictal,Of or pertaining to the rictus; as  rictal bristles.
Ricture,A gaping.
Rid,imp. & p. p. of Ride  v. i.
Ridded,of Rid
Ridding,of Rid
Ridable,Suitable for riding; as  a ridable horse; a ridable road.
Ridden,p. p. of Ride.
Ridder,One who  or that which rids.
Riddled,of Riddle
Riddling,of Riddle
Riddler,One who riddles (grain  sand etc.).
Rode,of Ride
Riding,of Ride
Ride,To be carried on the back of an animal  as a horse.
Rideau,A small mound of earth; ground slightly elevated; a small ridge.
Riden,imp. pl. & p. p. of Ride.
Rident,Laughing.
Rider,One who  or that which rides.
Riderless,Having no rider; as  a riderless horse.
Ridge,The back  or top of the back; a crest.
Ridged,of Ridge
Ridging,of Ridge
Ridgebone,The backbone.
Ridgel,Same as Ridgelling.
Ridgelet,A little ridge.
Ridgeling,A half-castrated male animal.
Ridgepiece,Alt. of Ridgeplate
Ridgeplate,See Ridgepole.
Ridgerope,See Life line (a)  under Life.
Ridgingly,So as to form ridges.
Ridgy,Having a ridge or ridges; rising in a ridge.
Ridicle,Ridicule.
Ridiculed,of Ridicule
Ridiculing,of Ridicule
Ridiculer,One who ridicules.
Ridiculize,To make ridiculous; to ridicule.
Rie,See Rye.
Rief,Robbery.
Rife,Prevailing; prevalent; abounding.
Riffler,A curved file used in carving wool and marble.
Riffraff,Sweepings; refuse; the lowest order of society.
Rifled,of Rifle
Rifling,of Rifle
Rifle,To seize and bear away by force; to snatch away; to carry off.
Rifleman,of Rifleman
Rifler,One who rifles; a robber.
Rift,p. p. of Rive.
Rifted,of Rift
Rifting,of Rift
Rifter,A rafter.
Rig,A ridge.
Rigged,of Rig
Rigging,of Rig
Rigarion,See Irrigation.
Rigescent,Growing stiff or numb.
Riggish,Like a rig or wanton.
Riggle,See Wriggle.
Right,Straight; direct; not crooked; as  a right line.
Righted,of Right
Righting,of Right
Righten,To do justice to.
Righteoused,Made righteous.
Righteously,In a righteous manner; as  to judge righteously.
Righter,One who sets right; one who does justice or redresses wrong.
Rightful,Righteous; upright; just; good; -- said of persons.
Rightfully,According to right or justice.
Right-handed,Using the right hand habitually  or more easily than the left.
Right-hearted,Having a right heart or disposition.
Rightless,Destitute of right.
Right-lined,Formed by right lines; rectilineal; as  a right-lined angle.
Rightly,Straightly; directly; in front.
Right-minded,Having a right or honest mind.
Rightness,Straightness; as  the rightness of a line.
Right-running,Straight; direct.
Rightward,Toward the right.
Rightwise,Righteous.
Rightwisely,Righteously.
Rightwiseness,Righteousness.
Rigid,Firm; stiff; unyielding; not pliant; not flexible.
Rigidly,In a rigid manner; stiffly.
Rigidness,The quality or state of being rigid.
Rigidulous,Somewhat rigid or stiff; as  a rigidulous bristle.
Riglet,See Reglet.
Rigol,A circle; hence  a diadem.
Rigor,Rigidity; stiffness.
Rig-Veda,See Veda.
Riled,of Rile
Riling,of Rile
Rile,To render turbid or muddy; to stir up; to roil.
Rilievo,Same as Relief  n. 5.
Rill,A very small brook; a streamlet.
Rillet,A little rill.
Rily,Roily.
Rimmed,of Rim
Rimming,of Rim
Rimae,of Rima
Rima,A narrow and elongated aperture; a cleft; a fissure.
Rime,A rent or long aperture; a chink; a fissure; a crack.
Rimed,of Rime
Riming,of Rime
Rimer,A rhymer; a versifier.
Rimey,To compose in rhyme; to versify.
Rimose,Full of rimes  fissures or chinks.
Rimosely,In a rimose manner.
Rimosity,State of being rimose.
Rimous,Rimose.
Rimple,A fold or wrinkle. See Rumple.
Rimpled,of Rimple
Rimpling,of Rimple
Rimy,Abounding with rime; frosty.
Rindle,A small water course or gutter.
Rindless,Destitute of a rind.
Rindy,Having a rind or skin.
Rine,See Rind.
Rined,Having a rind
Rung,of Ring
Ringing,of Ring
Ringed,of Ring
Ringbolt,An eyebolt having a ring through the eye.
Ringhead,An instrument used for stretching woolen cloth.
Ringingly,In a ringing manner.
Ringlestone,The ringed dotterel  or ring plover.
Ringlet,A small ring; a small circle; specifically  a fairy ring.
Ringmen,of Ringman
Ringman,The ring finger.
Ring-necked,Having a well defined ring of color around the neck.
Ringsail,See Ringtail  2.
Ringstraked,Ring-streaked.
Ring-tailed,Having the tail crossed by conspicuous bands of color.
Rinker,One who skates at a rink.
Rinking,Skating in a rink.
Rinsed,of Rinse
Rinsing,of Rinse
Rinser,One who  or that which rinses.
Riot,Wanton or unrestrained behavior; uproar; tumult.
Rioted,of Riot
Rioting,of Riot
Rioter,One who riots; a reveler; a roisterer.
Riotise,Excess; tumult; revelry.
Riotour,A rioter.
Riotous,Involving  or engaging in riot; wanton; unrestrained; luxurious.
Riotry,The act or practice of rioting; riot.
Rip,A wicker fish basket.
Ripped,of Rip
Ripping,of Rip
Riparian,Of or pertaining to the bank of a river; as  riparian rights.
Riparious,Growing along the banks of rivers; riparian.
Ripe,The bank of a river.
Ripely,Maturely; at the fit time.
Ripened,of Ripen
Ripening,of Ripen
Ripienist,A player in the ripieno portion of an orchestra. See Ripieno.
Ripler,Alt. of Ripper
Ripost,In fencing  a return thrust after a parry.
Rippled,of Ripple
Rippling,of Ripple
Ripple-marked,Having ripple marks.
Ripplet,A small ripple.
Ripplingly,In a rippling manner.
Riprapped,of Riprap
Riprapping,of Riprap
Ris,A bough or branch; a twig.
Rose,of Rise
Risen,of Rise
Rising,of Rise
Riser,One who rises; as  an early riser.
Rish,A rush (the plant).
Risible,Having the faculty or power of laughing; disposed to laugh.
Risk,Hazard; danger; peril; exposure to loss  injury or destruction.
Risked,of Risk
Risking,of Risk
Risker,One who risks or hazards.
Riskful,Risky.
Risky,Attended with risk or danger; hazardous.
Risorial,Pertaining to  or producing laughter; as the risorial muscles.
Risotto,A kind of pottage.
Risse,imp. of Rise.
Rist,3d pers. sing. pres. of Rise  contracted from riseth.
Rit,3d pers. sing. pres. of Ride  contracted from rideth.
Ritardando,Retarding; -- a direction for slower time; rallentado.
Ritenuto,Held back; holding back; ritardando.
Ritornelle,Alt. of Ritornello
Ritratto,A picture.
Ritually,By rites  or by a particular rite.
Rivage,A bank  shore or coast.
Rivaled,of Rival
Rivalled,of Rival
Rivaling,of Rival
Rivalling,of Rival
Rivaless,A female rival.
Rivality,Rivalry; competition.
Rivalries,of Rivalry
Rivalship,Rivalry.
Rived,of Rive
Riven,of Rive
Riving,of Rive
Riveled,of Rivel
Riveling,of Rivel
River,One who rives or splits.
Rivered,Supplied with rivers; as  a well rivered country.
Riveret,A rivulet.
Riverhood,The quality or state of being a river.
Riverling,A rivulet.
Riverside,The side or bank of a river.
Rivery,Having rivers; as  a rivery country.
Riveted,of Rivet
Riveting,of Rivet
Riveter,One who rivets.
Rivose,Marked with sinuate and irregular furrows.
Rivulet,A small stream or brook; a streamlet.
Rixation,A brawl or quarrel.
Rixatrix,A scolding or quarrelsome woman; a scold.
Rixdaler,A Dutch silver coin  worth about $1.00.
Rizzar,To dry in the sun; as  rizzared haddock.
Roach,A cockroach.
Road,A journey  or stage of a journey.
Roadless,Destitute of roads.
Roadmaker,One who makes roads.
Roadstead,An anchorage off shore. Same as Road  4.
Roadway,A road; especially  the part traveled by carriages.
Roamed,of Roam
Roaming,of Roam
Roamer,One who roams; a wanderer.
Roared,of Roar
Roaring,of Roar
Roar,To cry with a full  loud continued sound.
Roarer,One who  or that which roars.
Roaringly,In a roaring manner.
Roasted,of Roast
Roasting,of Roast
Roaster,One who roasts meat.
Robbed,of Rob
Robbing,of Rob
Roband,See Roperand.
Robberies,of Robbery
Robbery,The act or practice of robbing; theft.
Robed,of Robe
Robing,of Robe
Robe-de-chambre,A dressing gown  or morning gown.
Roberdsman,Alt. of Robertsman
Robert,See Herb Robert  under Herb.
Robinet,The chaffinch; -- called also roberd.
Robin Goodfellow,A celebrated fairy; Puck. See Puck.
Roborant,Strengthening.
Roborate,To give strength or support to; to confirm.
Roboration,The act of strengthening.
Roborean,Alt. of Roboreous
Roboreous,Made of oak.
Robustious,Robust.
Robustly,In a robust manner.
Robustness,The quality or state of being robust.
Roc,A monstrous bird of Arabian mythology.
Roche,Rock.
Rochelime,Lime in the lump after it is burned; quicklime.
Rochelle,A seaport town in France.
Roche moutonnee,See Sheepback.
Roching cask,A tank in which alum is crystallized from a solution.
Rock,See Roc.
Rocked,of Rock
Rocking,of Rock
Rockelay,Alt. of Rocklay
Rocklay,See Rokelay.
Rocker,One who rocks; specifically  one who rocks a cradle.
Rockered,Shaped like a rocker; curved; as  a rockered keel.
Rocketed,of Rocket
Rocketing,of Rocket
Rockiness,The state or quality of being rocky.
Rocking-chair,A chair mounted on rockers  in which one may rock.
Rockless,Being without rocks.
Rocksucker,A lamprey.
Rockwood,Ligniform asbestus; also  fossil wood.
Rockwork,Stonework in which the surface is left broken and rough.
Roddy,Full of rods or twigs.
Rodeo,A round-up. See Round-up.
Rodge,The gadwall.
Rodomel,Juice of roses mixed with honey.
Rodomont,A vain or blustering boaster; a braggart; a braggadocio.
Rodomontade,Vain boasting; empty bluster or vaunting; rant.
Rodomontadist,One who boasts.
Rodomontado,Rodomontade.
Rodomontador,A rodomontadist.
Rodsmen,of Rodsman
Rody,Ruddy.
Roe,A roebuck. See Roebuck.
Roed,Filled with roe.
Roedeer,The roebuck.
Roestone,Same as Oolite.
Rogue,A vagrant; an idle  sturdy beggar; a vagabond; a tramp.
Roguery,The life of a vargant.
Rogueship,The quality or state of being a rogue.
Roguish,Vagrant.
Roguy,Roguish.
Rohob,An inspissated juice. See Rob.
Roial,Royal.
Roiled,of Roil
Roiling,of Roil
Roily,Turbid; as  roily water.
Roin,See Royne.
Roinish,See Roynish.
Roint,See Aroint.
Roist,See Roister.
Roisterer,A blustering  turbulent fellow.
Roisterly,Blustering; violent.
Rokambole,See Rocambole.
Roke,Mist; smoke; damp
Rokeage,Alt. of Rokee
Rokelay,A short cloak.
Roky,Misty; foggy; cloudy.
Rolled,of Roll
Rolling,of Roll
Rollable,Capable of being rolled.
Rolley,A small wagon used for the underground work of a mine.
Rollicked,of Rollic
Rollicking,of Rollic
Rollway,A place prepared for rolling logs into a stream.
Rolly-pooly,A game in which a ball  rolling into a certain place wins.
Roly-poly,Rolly-poly.
Romage,See Rummage.
Romaic,Of or relating to modern Greece  and especially to its language.
Romanced,of Romance
Romancing,of Romance
Romancer,One who romances.
Romancist,A romancer.
Romancy,Romantic.
Romanic,Of or pertaining to Rome or its people.
Romanish,Pertaining to Romanism.
Romanism,The tenets of the Church of Rome; the Roman Catholic religion.
Romanist,One who adheres to Romanism.
Romanized,of Romanize
Romanizing,of Romanize
Romanize,To Latinize; to fill with Latin words or idioms.
Romanizer,One who Romanizes.
Romant,A romaunt.
Romantical,Romantic.
Romanticaly,In a romantic manner.
Romanticist,One who advocates romanticism in modern literature.
Romanticly,Romantically.
Romanticness,The state or quality of being romantic; widness; fancifulness.
Romany,A gypsy.
Romanza,See Romance  5.
Romaunt,A romantic story in verse; as  the Romaunt of the Rose.
Romble,Rumble.
Romeine,Alt. of Romeite
Romekin,A drinking cup.
Rome penny,Alt. of Rome scot
Rome scot,See Peter pence  under Peter.
Romeward,Toward Rome  or toward the Roman Catholic Church.
Romist,A Roman Catholic.
Romped,of Romp
Romping,of Romp
Rompingly,In a romping manner.
Rompish,Given to rude play; inclined to romp.
Ronco,See Croaker  n. 2. (a).
Rondache,A circular shield carried by foot soldiers.
Rondel,A small round tower erected at the foot of a bastion.
Rondle,A rondeau.
Rondure,A round; a circle.
Rong,imp. & p. p. of Ring.
Rongeur,An instrument for removing small rough portions of bone.
Ronion,Alt. of Ronyon
Ronyon,A mangy or scabby creature.
Ronne,obs. imp. pl.
Ronnen,obs. p. p. of Renne  to run.
Ront,A runt.
Roodebok,The pallah.
Roody,Rank in growth.
Roofed,of Roof
Roofing,of Roof
Roofer,One who puts on roofs.
Roofless,Having no roof; as  a roofless house.
Rooflet,A small roof  covering or shelter.
Rooftree,The beam in the angle of a roof; hence  the roof itself.
Roofy,Having roofs.
Rook,Mist; fog. See Roke.
Rooked,of Rook
Rooking,of Rook
Rookeries,of Rookery
Rooky,Misty; gloomy.
Roomed,of Room
Rooming,of Room
Roomage,Space; place; room.
Roomer,A lodger.
Roomful,Abounding with room or rooms; roomy.
Roomfuls,of Roomful
Roomily,Spaciously.
Roomless,Being without room or rooms.
Roomsome,Roomy.
Roomth,Room; space.
Roomthy,Roomy; spacious.
Roon,Vermilion red; red.
Roop,See Roup.
Roorback,Alt. of Roorbach
Roosa oil,The East Indian name for grass oil. See under Grass.
Roost,Roast.
Roosted,of Roost
Roosting,of Roost
Roostcock,The male of the domestic fowl; a cock.
Rooster,The male of the domestic fowl; a cock.
Root,To turn up the earth with the snout  as swine.
Rooted,of Root
Rooting,of Root
Rooter,One who  or that which roots; one that tears up by the roots.
Rootless,Destitute of roots.
Rootlet,A radicle; a little root.
Rooty,Full of roots; as  rooty ground.
Ropalic,See Rhopalic.
Roped,of Rope
Roping,of Rope
Roper,A maker of ropes.
Ropery,A place where ropes are made.
Rope's-end,To punish with a rope's end.
Ropewalker,A ropedancer.
Ropily,In a ropy manner; in a viscous or glutinous manner.
Ropiness,Quality of being ropy; viscosity.
Ropish,Somewhat ropy.
Roquet,To hit  as another's ball with one's own ball.
Roral,Of or pertaining to dew; consisting of dew; dewy.
Roration,A falling of dew.
Roric,Of or pertaining to dew; resembling dew; dewy.
Rorid,Dewy; bedewed.
Roriferous,generating or producing dew.
Rorifluent,Flowing with dew.
Rorulent,Full of  or abounding in dew.
Rory,Dewy.
Rosalgar,realgar.
Rosarian,A cultivator of roses.
Rosaries,of Rosary
Rosary,A bed of roses  or place where roses grow.
Roscid,Containing  or consisting of dew; dewy.
Roseal,resembling a rose in smell or color.
Roseate,Full of roses; rosy; as  roseate bowers.
Rosebay,the oleander.
Rosebush,The bush or shrub which bears roses.
Rosedrop,A lozenge having a rose flavor.
Rosehead,See Rose  n. 4.
Roseine,See Magenta.
Rosemaloes,The liquid storax of the East Indian Liquidambar orientalis.
Rosen,Consisting of roses; rosy.
Rosenmuller's organ,The parovarium.
Roser,A rosier; a rosebush.
Roset,A red color used by painters.
Rose water,Water tinctured with roses by distillation.
Rosewort,Roseroot.
Rosied,Decorated with roses  or with the color of roses.
Rosier,A rosebush; roses  collectively.
Rosily,In a rosy manner.
Rosiness,The quality of being rosy.
Rosinweed,The compass plant. See under Compass.
Rosiny,like rosin  or having its qualities.
Rosland,heathy land; land full of heather; moorish or watery land.
Rosmarine,Dew from the sea; sea dew.
Ross,The rough  scaly matter on the surface of the bark of trees.
Rossel,Light land; rosland.
Rosselly,Loose; light.
Rost,See Roust.
Rostel,same as Rostellum.
Rostellar,Pertaining to a rostellum.
Rostellate,Having a rostellum  or small beak; terminating in a beak.
Rostelliform,Having the form of a rostellum  or small beak.
Rostella,of Rostellum
Rostra,See Rostrum  2.
Rostrate,Alt. of Rostrated
Rostriform,Having the form of a beak.
Rostrula,of Rostrulum
Rostrulum,A little rostrum  or beak as of an insect.
Rostrums,of Rostrum
Rostrum,The beak or head of a ship.
Rotted,of Rot
Rotting,of Rot
Rotacism,See Rhotacism.
Rotal,Relating to wheels or to rotary motion; rotary.
Rotascope,Same as Gyroscope  1.
Rotated,of Rotate
Rotating,of Rotate
Rotative,turning  as a wheel; rotary; rotational.
Rotatoria,Same as Rotifera.
Rotatory,Turning as on an axis; rotary.
Rotchet,The European red gurnard (Trigla pini).
Rote,A root.
Roted,of Rote
Roting,of Rote
Rotgut,Bad small beer.
Rother,Bovine.
Rotifer,One of the Rotifera. See Illust. in Appendix.
Rotiform,Wheel-shaped; as  rotiform appendages.
Rotta,See Rota.
Rotten,Having rotted; putrid; decayed; as  a rotten apple; rotten meat.
Rotula,The patella  or kneepan.
Rotular,Of or pertaining to the rotula  or kneepan.
Rotund,Round; circular; spherical.
Rotundifolious,Having round leaves.
Rotundness,Roundness; rotundity.
Rotundo,See Rotunda.
Roturer,A roturier.
Roty,To make rotten.
Rouble,A coin. See Ruble.
Rouche,See Ruche.
Roue,One devoted to a life of sensual pleasure; a debauchee; a rake.
Rouge,red.
Rouged,of Rouge
Rouging,of Rouge
Rougecroix,One of the four pursuivants of the English college of arms.
Rouge dragon,One of the four pursuivants of the English college of arms.
Roughcaster,One who roughcasts.
Roughdraw,To draw or delineate rapidly and by way of a first sketch.
Roughdry,in laundry work  to dry without smoothing or ironing.
Roughened,of Roughen
Roughening,of Roughen
Roughen,To make rough.
Rough-footed,Feather-footed; as  a rough-footed dove.
Roughhead,The redfin.
Roughhew,To hew coarsely  without smoothing; as to roughhew timber.
Roughhewer,One who roughhews.
Roughhewn,Hewn coarsely without smoothing; unfinished; not polished.
Roughings,Rowen.
Roughish,Somewhat rough.
Rough-legged,Having the legs covered with feathers; -- said of a bird.
Roughness,The quality or state of being rough.
Roughsetter,A mason who builds rough stonework.
Rought,imp. of Reach.
Roughwrought,Wrought in a rough  unfinished way; worked over coarsely.
Rouk,See 5th Ruck  and Roke.
Rouleaux,of Rouleau
Rouleaus,of Rouleau
Rouly-pouly,See Rolly-pooly.
Roun,Alt. of Rown
Rown,To whisper.
Rouncy,A common hackney horse; a nag.
Round,To whisper.
Rounded,of Round
Rounding,of Round
Roundabout,Circuitous; going round; indirect; as  roundabout speech.
Roundaboutness,The quality of being roundabout; circuitousness.
Round-backed,Having a round back or shoulders; round-shouldered.
Roundel,A rondelay.
Roundelay,See Rondeau  and Rondel.
Rounder,One who rounds; one who comes about frequently or regularly.
Roundheaded,Having a round head or top.
Roundhouse,A constable's prison; a lockup  watch-house or station house.
Roundish,Somewhat round; as  a roundish seed; a roundish figure.
Roundlet,A little circle.
Roundly,In a round form or manner.
Roundridge,To form into round ridges by plowing.
Round-shouldered,Having the shoulders stooping or projecting; round-backed.
Roundsmen,of Roundsman
Roundure,Roundness; a round or circle.
Roundworm,A nematoid worm.
Roundy,Round.
Roup,To cry or shout; hence  to sell by auction.
Roused,of Rouse
Rousing,of Rouse
Rouser,One who  or that which rouses.
Rousingly,In a rousing manner.
Roust,To rouse; to disturb; as  to roust one out.
Rout,To roar; to bellow; to snort; to snore loudly.
Routed,of Rout
Routing,of Rout
Routhe,Ruth; sorrow.
Routinary,Involving  or pertaining to routine; ordinary; customary.
Routinist,One who habituated to a routine.
Routish,Uproarious; riotous.
Routously,With that violation of law called a rout. See 5th Rout  4.
Roux,A thickening  made of flour for soups and gravies.
Roved,of Rove
Roving,of Rove
Rover,One who practices robbery on the seas; a pirate.
Rovingly,In a wandering manner.
Rovingness,The state of roving.
Row,Rough; stern; angry.
Rowed,of Row
Rowing,of Row
Rowable,That may be rowed  or rowed upon.
Rowan,Rowan tree.
Rowboat,A boat designed to be propelled by oars instead of sails.
Rowdies,of Rowdy
Rowdy,One who engages in rows  or noisy quarrels; a ruffianly fellow.
Rowdydow,Hubbub; uproar.
Rowdydowdy,Uproarious.
Rowdyism,the conduct of a rowdy.
Rowel,The little wheel of a spur  with sharp points.
Roweled,of Rowel
Rowelled,of Rowel
Roweling,of Rowel
Rowelling,of Rowel
Rowel bone,See rewel bone.
Rower,One who rows with an oar.
Rowett,See Rowen.
Roy,A king.
Royalet,A petty or powerless king.
Royalism,the principles or conduct of royalists.
Royalization,The act of making loyal to a king.
Royalize,to make royal.
Royally,In a royal or kingly manner; like a king; as becomes a king.
Royalties,of Royalty
Royne,To bite; to gnaw.
Roynish,Mangy; scabby; hence  mean; paltry; troublesome.
Royster,Alt. of Roysterer
Roysterer,same as Roister  Roisterer.
Royston crow,See Hooded crow  under Hooded.
Roytelet,A little king.
Roytish,Wild; irregular.
Rubbed,of Rub
Rubbing,of Rub
Rubato,Robbed; borrowed.
Rubbage,Rubbish.
Rubber,One who  or that which rubs.
Rubbidge,Rubbish.
Rubblestone,See Rubble  1 and 2.
Rubbly,Relating to  or containing rubble.
Rubedinous,Reddish.
Rubefacient,Making red.
Rubefaction,The act or process of making red.
Rubelet,A little ruby.
Rubelle,A red color used in enameling.
Rubeola,the measles.
Rubescence,The quality or state of being rubescent; a reddening; a flush.
Rubescent,Growing or becoming red; tending to redness.
Rubian,One of several color-producing glycosides found in madder root.
Ru bible,A ribble.
Rubicelle,A variety of ruby of a yellowish red color  from Brazil.
Rubicund,Inclining to redness; ruddy; red.
Rubicundity,The quality or state of being rubicund; ruddiness.
Rubidic,Of or pertaining to rubidium; containing rubidium.
Rubific,Making red; as  rubific rays.
Rubification,The act of making red.
Rubify,To redden.
Rubiginose,Alt. of Rubiginous
Rubiginous,Having the appearance or color of iron rust; rusty-looking.
Rubigo,same as Rust  n. 2.
Rubin,A ruby.
Rubious,Red; ruddy.
Rubrical,Colored in  or marked with red; placed in rubrics.
Rubricate,Marked with red.
Rubrician,Alt. of Rubricist
Rubricity,Redness.
Rubstone,A stone for scouring or rubbing; a whetstone; a rub.
Rubies,of Ruby
Rubied,of Ruby
Rubying,of Ruby
Ruby-tailed,Having the tail  or lower part of the body bright red.
Rubywood,red sandalwood. See under Sandalwood.
Ruching,A ruche  or ruches collectively.
Ruck,A roc.
Rucked,of Ruck
Rucking,of Ruck
Ructation,The act of belching wind.
Ruction,An uproar; a quarrel; a noisy outbreak.
Rud,Redness; blush.
Rudder,A riddle or sieve.
Rudderhole,The hole in the deck through which the rudderpost passes.
Rudderless,Without a rudder.
Ruddied,Made ruddy or red.
Ruddily,In a ruddy manner.
Ruddle,To raddle or twist.
Ruddock,The European robin.
Ruddy,Of a red color; red  or reddish; as a ruddy sky; a ruddy flame.
Rudenture,Cabling. See Cabling.
Ruderary,Of or pertaining to rubbish..
Rudesby,An uncivil  turbulent fellow.
Rudesheimer,A German wine made near Rudesheim  on the Rhine.
Rudimental,Rudimentary.
Rudish,Somewhat rude.
Rudity,Rudeness; ignorance.
Rued,of Rue
Ruing,of Rue
Rueful,Causing one to rue or lament; woeful; mournful; sorrowful.
Ruell bone,See rewel bone.
Ruelle,A private circle or assembly at a private house; a circle.
Rufescent,Reddish; tinged with red.
Ruff,A game similar to whist  and the predecessor of it.
Ruffed,of Ruff
Ruffing,of Ruff
Ruffian,A pimp; a pander; also  a paramour.
Ruffianage,Ruffians  collectively; a body of ruffians.
Ruffianish,Having the qualities or manners of a ruffian; ruffianly.
Ruffianlike,Ruffianly.
Ruffianous,Ruffianly.
Ruffin,Disordered.
Ruffled,of Ruffle
Ruffling,of Ruffle
Ruffleless,Having no ruffle.
Rufflement,The act of ruffling.
Ruffler,One who ruffles; a swaggerer; a bully; a ruffian.
Rufous,Reddish; of a yellowish red or brownish red color; tawny.
Ruft,Eructation; belching.
Rufterhood,A kind of hood for a hawk.
Rug,A kind of coarse  heavy frieze formerly used for garments.
Rugae,of Ruga
Ruga,A wrinkle; a fold; as  the rugae of the stomach.
Rugate,Having alternate ridges and depressions; wrinkled.
Rugging,A coarse kind of woolen cloth  used for wrapping blanketing etc.
Rug-gowned,Wearing a coarse gown or shaggy garment made of rug.
Ruggy,Rugged; rough.
Rug-headed,Having shaggy hair; shock-headed.
Rugin,A nappy cloth.
Rugosity,The quality or state of being rugose.
Rugous,Wrinkled; rugose.
Rugulose,Somewhat rugose.
Ruhmkorff's coil,See Induction coil  under Induction.
Ruin,The act of falling or tumbling down; fall.
Ruined,of Ruin
Ruining,of Ruin
Ruinable,Capable of being ruined.
Ruination,The act of ruining  or the state of being ruined.
Ruiner,One who  or that which ruins.
Rukh,The roc.
Ruled,of Rule
Ruling,of Rule
Ruleless,Destitute of rule; lawless.
Rule-monger,A stickler for rules; a slave of rules
Ruler,One who rules; one who exercises sway or authority; a governor.
Rulingly,In a ruling manner; so as to rule.
Ruly,Orderly; easily restrained; -- opposed to unruly.
Rumbler,One who  or that which rumbles.
Rumbling,a. & n. from Rumble  v. i.
Rumblingly,In a rumbling manner.
Rumbo,Grog.
Rumbowline,Same as Rombowline.
Ruminal,Ruminant; ruminating.
Ruminantly,In a ruminant manner; by ruminating  or chewing the cud.
Ruminated,of Ruminate
Ruminating,of Ruminate
Ruminative,Inclined to  or engaged in rumination or meditation.
Ruminator,One who ruminates or muses; a meditator.
Rumkin,A popular or jocular name for a drinking vessel.
Rummaged,of Rummage
Rummaging,of Rummage
Rummager,One who rummages.
Rummer,A large and tall glass  or drinking cup.
Rummies,of Rummy
Rumney,A sort of Spanish wine.
Rumored,of Rumor
Rumoring,of Rumor
Rumorer,A teller of news; especially  one who spreads false reports.
Rumorous,Of or pertaining to a rumor; of the nature of rumors.
Rumper,A member or a supporter of the Rump Parliament.
Rumpled,of Rumple
Rumpling,of Rumple
Rumpless,Destitute of a rump.
Rumply,Rumpled.
Rumpus,A disturbance; noise and confusion; a quarrel.
Run,of Run
Running,of Run
Runagate,A fugitive; a vagabond; an apostate; a renegade. See Renegade.
Runcation,A weeding.
Runch,The wild radish.
Rundel,A moat with water in it; also  a small stream; a runlet.
Rundle,A round; a step of a ladder; a rung.
Runer,A bard  or learned man among the ancient Goths.
Runghead,The upper end of a floor timber in a ship.
Runlet,A little run or stream; a streamlet; a brook.
Runnel,A rivulet or small brook.
Runner,One who  or that which runs; a racer.
Runnet,See Rennet.
Runningly,In a running manner.
Runnion,See Ronion.
Runology,The science of runes.
Runround,A felon or whitlow.
Runty,Like a runt; diminutive; mean.
Runway,The channel of a stream.
Rupee,A silver coin  and money of account in the East Indies.
Rupellary,Rocky.
Rupial,Of or pertaining to rupia.
Rupicoline,Rock-inhabiting.
Ruption,A breaking or bursting open; breach; rupture.
Ruptuary,One not of noble blood; a plebeian; a roturier.
Ruptured,of Rupture
Rupturing,of Rupture
Rupturewort,Same as Burstwort.
Ruralism,The quality or state of being rural; ruralness.
Ruralist,One who leads a rural life.
Rurality,The quality or state of being rural.
Ruralized,of Ruralize
Ruralizing,of Ruralize
Ruralize,To render rural; to give a rural appearance to.
Rurally,In a rural manner; as in the country.
Ruralness,The quality or state of being rural.
Ruricolist,An inhabitant of the country.
Rurigenous,Born in the country.
Ruse,An artifice; trick; stratagem; wile; fraud; deceit.
Rushed,of Rush
Rushing,of Rush
Rushbuckler,A bullying and violent person; a braggart; a swashbuckler.
Rusher,One who rushes.
Rushiness,The quality or state of abounding with rushes.
Rushingly,In a rushing manner.
Rushlight,A rush candle  or its light; hence a small feeble light.
Rushlike,Resembling a rush; weak.
Rushy,Abounding with rushes.
Russ,A Russian  or the Russians.
Russeting,See Russet  n. 2 and 4.
Russety,Of a russet color; russet.
Russia,A country of Europe and Asia.
Russian,Of or pertaining to Russia  its inhabitants or language.
Russify,To Russianize; as  to Russify conquered tribes.
Russophile,Alt. of Russophilist
Russophobe,Alt. of Russophobist
Russophobist,One who dreads Russia or Russian influence.
Russophobia,Morbid dread of Russia or of Russian influence.
Rusted,of Rust
Rusting,of Rust
Rustful,Full of rust; resembling rust; causing rust; rusty.
Rustical,Rustic.
Rusticated,of Rusticate
Rusticating,of Rusticate
Rusticate,To go into or reside in the country; to ruralize.
Rusticly,In a rustic manner; rustically.
Rustily,In a rusty state.
Rustiness,The quality or state of being rusty.
Rustled,of Rustle
Rustling,of Rustle
Rustler,One who  or that which rustles.
Rustless,Free from rust.
Rutted,of Rut
Rutting,of Rut
Rutate,A salt of rutic acid.
Ruth,Sorrow for the misery of another; pity; tenderness.
Ruthful,Full of ruth
Ruthless,Having no ruth; cruel; pitiless.
Rutilant,Having a reddish glow; shining.
Rutilate,To shine; to emit rays of light.
Rutinose.,A disaccharide present in glycosides.
Rutter,A horseman or trooper.
Rutterkin,An old crafty fox or beguiler -- a word of contempt.
Ruttier,A chart of a course  esp. at sea.
Ruttish,Inclined to rut; lustful; libidinous; salacious.
Rutty,Ruttish; lustful.
Ryal,Royal.
Ryder,A clause added to a document; a rider. See Rider.
Ryot,A peasant or cultivator of the soil.
Rypophagous,Eating  or subsisting on filth.
Rys,A branch.
Rysh,Rush  a plant.
Rysimeter,See Rhysimeter.
Ryth,A ford.
's,A contraction for is or (colloquially) for has.
Saadh,See Sadh.
Saan,Same as Bushmen.
Sabaean,Same as Sabian.
Sabaeanism,Same as Sabianism.
Sabaeism,Alt. of Sabaism
Sabaism,See Sabianism.
Sabaoth,Armies; hosts.
Sabbatarianism,The tenets of Sabbatarians.
Sabbatic,Alt. of Sabbatical
Sabbatism,Intermission of labor  as upon the Sabbath; rest.
Sabean,Same as Sabian.
Sabeism,Same as Sabianism.
Sabellianism,The doctrines or tenets of Sabellius. See Sabellian  n.
Sabelloid,Like  or related to the genus Sabella.
Saber,Alt. of Sabre
Sabered,of Sabre
Sabred,of Sabre
Sabering,of Sabre
Sabring,of Sabre
Saberbill,Alt. of Sabrebill
Sabrebill,The curlew.
Sabine,Of or pertaining to the ancient Sabines  a people of Italy.
Sabled,of Sable
Sabling,of Sable
Sabotiere,A kind of freezer for ices.
Sabrina work,A variety of applique work for quilts  table covers etc.
Sabulose,Growing in sandy places.
Sabulosity,The quality of being sabulous; sandiness; grittiness.
Sabulous,Sandy; gritty.
Sac,See Sacs.
Sacalait,A kind of fresh-water bass; the crappie.
Sacar,See Saker.
Saccharate,A salt of saccharic acid.
Sacchariferous,Producing sugar; as  sacchariferous canes.
Saccharified,of Saccharify
Saccharifying,of Saccharify
Saccharify,To convert into  or to impregnate with sugar.
Saccharilla,A kind of muslin.
Saccharimetrical,Of or pertaining to saccharimetry; obtained by saccharimetry.
Saccharinate,A salt of saccharinic acid.
Saccharized,of Saccharize
Saccharizing,of Saccharize
Saccharize,To convert into  or to impregnate with sugar.
Saccharoid,Alt. of Saccharoidal
Saccharometer,A saccharimeter.
Saccharomycetes,A family of fungi consisting of the one genus Saccharomyces.
Saccharonate,A salt of saccharonic acid.
Saccharous,Saccharine.
Saccharum,A genus of tall tropical grasses including the sugar cane.
Saccholactate,A salt of saccholactic acid; -- formerly called also saccholate.
Saccholic,Saccholactic.
Sacchulmate,A salt of sacchulmic acid.
Sacciferous,Bearing a sac.
Sacciform,Having the general form of a sac.
Saccoglossa,Same as Pellibranchiata.
Saccular,Like a sac; sacciform.
Sacculated,Furnished with little sacs.
Saccule,A little sac; specifically  the sacculus of the ear.
Sacculo-cochlear,Pertaining to the sacculus and cochlea of the ear.
Sacculo-utricular,Pertaining to the sacculus and utriculus of the ear.
Sacculi,of Sacculus
Sacci,of Saccus
Saccus,A sac.
Sacella,of Sacellum
Sacellum,An unroofed space consecrated to a divinity.
Sacerdotally,In a sacerdotal manner.
Sachel,A small bag.
Sachem,A chief of a tribe of the American Indians; a sagamore.
Sachemdom,The government or jurisdiction of a sachem.
Sachemship,Office or condition of a sachem.
Saciety,Satiety.
Sack,A name formerly given to various dry Spanish wines.
Sacked,of Sack
Sacking,of Sack
Sackage,The act of taking by storm and pillaging; sack.
Sackclothed,Clothed in sackcloth.
Sackfuls,of Sackful
Sackful,As much as a sack will hold.
Sackless,Quiet; peaceable; harmless; innocent.
Sacque,Same as 2d Sack  3.
Sacral,Of or pertaining to the sacrum; in the region of the sacrum.
Sacramentally,In a sacramental manner.
Sacramentary,Of or pertaining to a sacrament or the sacraments; sacramental.
Sacramentize,To administer the sacraments.
Sacrate,To consecrate.
Sacration,Consecration.
Sacre,See Saker.
Sacrific,Alt. of Sacrifical
Sacrifical,Employed in sacrifice.
Sacrificable,Capable of being offered in sacrifice.
Sacrificant,One who offers a sacrifice.
Sacrificator,A sacrificer; one who offers a sacrifice.
Sacrificatory,Offering sacrifice.
Sacrifice,The offering of anything to God  or to a god; consecratory rite.
Sacrificed,of Sacrifice
Sacrificing,of Sacrifice
Sacrificer,One who sacrifices.
Sacrilegist,One guilty of sacrilege.
Sacring,a. & n. from Sacre.
Sacristies,of Sacristy
Sacrosanct,Sacred; inviolable.
sacra,of Sacrum
Sad,Sated; satisfied; weary; tired.
Saddened,of Sadden
Saddening,of Sadden
Sadden,To make sad.
Sadder,Same as Sadda.
Saddled,of Saddle
Saddling,of Saddle
Saddleback,Same as Saddle-backed.
Saddlecloth,A cloth under a saddle  and extending out behind; a housing.
Saddler,One who makes saddles.
Saddle-shaped,Shaped like a saddle.
Saddletree,The frame of a saddle.
Sadducaic,Pertaining to  or like the Sadducees; as Sadducaic reasonings.
Sadduceeism,Alt. of Sadducism
Sadducism,The tenets of the Sadducees.
Sadducized,of Sadducize
Sadducizing,of Sadducize
Sadducize,To adopt the principles of the Sadducees.
Sadiron,An iron for smoothing clothes; a flatiron.
Sadly,Wearily; heavily; firmly.
Sadness,Heaviness; firmness.
Saengerfest,A festival of singers; a German singing festival.
Safe-conduct,That which gives a safe passage
Safeguard,One who  or that which defends or protects; defense; protection.
Safely,In a safe manner; danger  injury loss or evil consequences.
Safe-pledge,A surety for the appearance of a person at a given time.
Safflow,The safflower.
Saffrony,Having a color somewhat like saffron; yellowish.
Safranin,An orange-red dyestuff extracted from the saffron.
Sagged,of Sag
Sagging,of Sag
Sagas,of Saga
Sagapen,Sagapenum.
Sagely,In a sage manner; wisely.
Sagene,A Russian measure of length equal to about seven English feet.
Saginate,To make fat; to pamper.
Sagination,The act of fattening or pampering.
Sagitta,A small constellation north of Aquila; the Arrow.
Sagittated,Sagittal; sagittate.
Sagoin,A marmoset; -- called also sagouin.
Sagum,The military cloak of the Roman soldiers.
Sagus,A genus of palms from which sago is obtained.
Sagy,Full of sage; seasoned with sage.
Sahib,Alt. of Saheb
Saheb,A respectful title or appellation given to Europeans of rank.
Sahibah,A lady; mistress.
Sahidic,Same as Thebaic.
Sahlite,See Salite.
Sahui,A marmoset.
Sai,See Capuchin  3 (a).
Said,imp. & p. p. of Say.
Saikyr,Same as Saker.
Sailed,of Sail
Sailing,of Sail
Sailable,Capable of being sailed over; navigable; as  a sailable river.
Sailboat,A boat propelled by a sail or sails.
Sailcloth,Duck or canvas used in making sails.
Sailer,A sailor.
Sailfish,The banner fish  or spikefish (Histiophorus.)
Sailless,Destitute of sails.
Sailmaker,One whose occupation is to make or repair sails.
Saily,Like a sail.
Saim,Lard; grease.
Saimir,The squirrel monkey.
Sain,Said.
Sainfoin,A leguminous plant (Onobrychis sativa) cultivated for fodder.
Sainted,of Saint
Sainting,of Saint
Saintdom,The state or character of a saint.
Saintess,A female saint.
Sainthood,The state of being a saint; the condition of a saint.
Saintish,Somewhat saintlike; -- used ironically.
Saintlike,Resembling a saint; suiting a saint; becoming a saint; saintly.
Saintliness,Quality of being saintly.
Saintly,Like a saint; becoming a holy person.
Saintologist,One who writes the lives of saints.
Saintship,The character or qualities of a saint.
Saith,3d pers. sing. pres. of Say.
Saithe,The pollock  or coalfish; -- called also sillock.
Saivism,The worship of Siva.
Sajene,Same as Sagene.
Sajou,Same as Sapajou.
Sakeret,The male of the saker (a).
Salaam,Same as Salam.
Salability,The quality or condition of being salable; salableness.
Salable,Capable of being sold; fit to be sold; finding a ready market.
Salacious,Having a propensity to venery; lustful; lecherous.
Salacity,Strong propensity to venery; lust; lecherousness.
Salade,A helmet. See Sallet.
Salading,Vegetables for salad.
Salaeratus,See Saleratus.
Salagane,The esculent swallow. See under Esculent.
Salamandrina,A suborder of Urodela  comprising salamanders.
Salamandrine,Of  pertaining to or resembling a salamander; enduring fire.
Salamandroid,Like or pertaining to the salamanders.
Salamstone,A kind of blue sapphire brought from Ceylon.
Salangana,The salagane.
Salary,Saline
Salaries,of Salary
Salarying,of Salary
Sale,See 1st Sallow.
Saleable,Alt. of Saleably
Saleably,See Salable  Salably etc.
Saleb,See Salep.
Salebrosity,Roughness or ruggedness.
Salebrous,Rough; rugged.
Salesmen,of Salesman
Saleswomen,of Saleswoman
Saleswoman,A woman whose occupation is to sell goods or merchandise.
Saliant,Same as Salient.
Saliaunce,Salience; onslaught.
Salicaceous,Belonging or relating to the willow.
Salicylate,A salt of salicylic acid.
Salicylite,A compound of salicylal; -- named after the analogy of a salt.
Salicylol,Same as Salicylal.
Saliency,Quality of being salient; hence  vigor.
Salient,Moving by leaps or springs; leaping; bounding; jumping.
Saliently,In a salient manner.
Saliferous,Producing  or impregnated with salt.
Salified,of Salify
Salifying,of Salify
Salify,To combine or impregnate with a salt.
Saligot,The water chestnut (Trapa natans).
Salina,A salt marsh  or salt pond inclosed from the sea.
Salination,The act of washing with salt water.
Salineness,The quality or state of being salt; saltness.
Saliniferous,Same as Saliferous.
Salinity,Salineness.
Salinometer,A salimeter.
Salinous,Saline.
Salique,Salic.
Salisburia,The ginkgo tree (Ginkgo biloba  or Salisburia adiantifolia).
Salite,To season with salt; to salt.
Saliva,The secretion from the salivary glands.
Salival,Salivary.
Salivant,Producing salivation.
Salivated,of Salivate
Salivating,of Salivate
Salivous,Pertaining to saliva; of the nature of saliva.
Salices,of Salix
Sallenders,An eruption on the hind leg of a horse.
Salleting,Salad.
Salliance,Salience.
Sallow,The willow; willow twigs.
Sallowish,Somewhat sallow.
Sallowness,The quality or condition of being sallow.
Sallied,of Sally
Sallying,of Sally
Sallies,of Sally
Sallyman,The velella; -- called also saleeman.
Salm,Psalm.
Salmi,Same as Salmis.
Salmiac,Sal ammoniac. See under Sal.
Salmons,of Salmon
Salmon,of Salmon
Salmonet,A salmon of small size; a samlet.
Salogen,A halogen.
Salol,A white crystalline substance consisting of phenol salicylate.
salometer,See Salimeter.
Salomtry,Salimetry.
Salp,Any species of Salpa  or of the family Salpidae.
Salpae,of Salpa
Salpas,of Salpa
Salpian,Alt. of Salpid
Salpid,A salpa.
Salpingitis,Inflammation of the salpinx.
Salpinx,The Eustachian tube  or the Fallopian tube.
Salsafy,See Salsify.
Salsamentarious,Salt; salted; saline.
Salsify,See Oyster plant (a)  under Oyster.
Salsoda,See Sal soda  under Sal.
Salsola,A genus of plants including the glasswort. See Glasswort.
salsuginous,Growing in brackish places or in salt marshes.
Salted,of Salt
Salting,of Salt
Saltant,Leaping; jumping; dancing.
Saltarella,See Saltarello.
Saltate,To leap or dance.
Saltation,A leaping or jumping.
Saltatorial,Relating to leaping; saltatory; as  saltatorial exercises.
Saltcat,A mixture of salt  coarse meal lime etc. attractive to pigeons.
Salt-green,Sea-green in color.
Saltle,The European dab.
Saltier,See Saltire.
Saltigrade,Having feet or legs formed for leaping.
Saltimbanco,A mountebank; a quack.
Saltish,Somewhat salt.
Saltless,Destitute of salt; insipid.
Saltly,With taste of salt; in a salt manner.
Saltpeter,Alt. of Saltpetre
Salty,Somewhat salt; saltish.
Salue,To salute.
Salutary,Wholesome; healthful; promoting health; as  salutary exercise.
Salutatorily,By way of salutation.
Saluted,of Salute
Saluting,of Salute
Saluter,One who salutes.
Salutiferously,Salutarily.
Salvability,The quality or condition of being salvable; salvableness.
Salvable,Capable of being saved; admitting of salvation.
Salvationist,An evangelist  a member or a recruit of the Salvation Army.
Salvatory,A place where things are preserved; a repository.
Salve,Hail!
Salved,of Salve
Salving,of Salve
Salver-shaped,Tubular  with a spreading border. See Hypocraterimorphous.
Salvia,A genus of plants including the sage. See Sage.
Salvific,Tending to save or secure safety.
Salvos,of Salvo
Salvo,An exception; a reservation; an excuse.
Sam,Together.
Samare,See Simar.
Samaritan,Of or pertaining to Samaria  in Palestine.
Samarium,A rare metallic element of doubtful identity.
Samaroid,Resembling a samara  or winged seed vessel.
Samarra,See Simar.
Samboo,Same as Sambur.
Sambucus,A genus of shrubs and trees; the elder.
Sameliness,Sameness  2.
Samette,See Samite.
Samian,Of or pertaining to the island of Samos.
Samiot,Samian.
Samlet,The parr.
Sammier,A machine for pressing the water from skins in tanning.
Sample,Example; pattern.
Samshoo,Alt. of Samshu
Sanability,The quality or state of being sanable; sanableness; curableness.
Sanable,Capable of being healed or cured; susceptible of remedy.
Sanableness,The quality of being sanable.
Sanation,The act of healing or curing.
Sance-bell,Alt. of Sancte bell
Sancte bell,See Sanctus bell  under Sanctus.
Sanctificate,To sanctify.
Sanctifier,One who sanctifies  or makes holy; specifically the Holy Spirit.
Sanctifying,of Sanctify
Sanctifyingly,In a manner or degree tending to sanctify or make holy.
Sanctiloquent,Discoursing on heavenly or holy things  or in a holy manner.
Sanctimonial,Sanctimonious.
Sanctimonious,Possessing sanctimony; holy; sacred; saintly.
Sanctioned,of Sanction
Sanctioning,of Sanction
Sanctionary,Of  pertaining to or giving sanction.
Sanctitude,Holiness; sacredness; sanctity.
Sanctities,of Sanctity
Sanctuarize,To shelter by means of a sanctuary or sacred privileges.
Sanctuaries,of Sanctuary
Sanctuary,A sacred place; a consecrated spot; a holy and inviolable site.
Sanded,of Sand
Sanding,of Sand
Sandal,Same as Sendal.
Sandaled,Wearing sandals.
Sandaliform,Shaped like a sandal or slipper.
Sandarach,Alt. of Sandarac
Sandarac,Realgar; red sulphide of arsenic.
Sand-blind,Having defective sight; dim-sighted; purblind.
Sandemanianism,The faith or system of the Sandemanians.
Sanders-blue,See Saunders-blue.
Sandever,See Sandiver.
Sandish,Approaching the nature of sand; loose; not compact.
Sandpit,A pit or excavation from which sand is or has been taken.
Sandwiched,of Sandwich
Sandwiching,of Sandwich
Sandyx,See Sandix.
Saneness,The state of being sane; sanity.
Sang,imp. of Sing.
Sanga,Alt. of Sangu
Sangiac,See Sanjak.
Sangraal,Alt. of Sangreal
Sangreal,See Holy Grail  under Grail.
Sanguifier,A producer of blood.
Sanguifluous,Flowing or running with blood.
Sanguify,To produce blood from.
Sanguigenous,Producing blood; as  sanguigenous food.
Sanguinaceous,Of a blood-red color; sanguine.
Sanguinaria,A genus of plants of the Poppy family.
Sanguinarily,In a sanguinary manner.
Sanguinariness,The quality or state of being sanguinary.
Sanguine,Having the color of blood; red.
Sanguineless,Destitute of blood; pale.
Sanguinely,In a sanguine manner.
Sanguineness,The quality of being sanguine.
Sanguineous,Abounding with blood; sanguine.
sanguinity,The quality of being sanguine; sanguineness.
Sanguinivorous,Subsisting on blood.
Sanguinolency,The state of being sanguinolent  or bloody.
Sanguinolent,Tinged or mingled with blood; bloody; as  sanguinolent sputa.
Sanguisuge,A bloodsucker  or leech.
Sanhedrin,Alt. of Sanhedrim
Sanhedrist,A member of the sanhedrin.
Sanitarian,Of or pertaining to health  or the laws of health; sanitary.
Sanitarist,A sanitarian.
Sanitarium,A health station or retreat; a sanatorium.
Sanjak,A district or a subvision of a vilayet.
Sank,imp. of Sink.
Sannop,Same as Sannup.
Sannup,A male Indian; a brave; -- correlative of squaw.
Sanny,The sandpiper.
Sanscrit,See Sanskrit.
Sanskritic,Sanskrit.
Sanskritist,One versed in Sanskrit.
Sans-souci,Without care; free and easy.
Santalin,Santalic acid. See Santalic.
Santer,See Saunter.
Santonate,A salt of santonic acid.
Santoninate,A salt of santoninic acid.
Sapped,of Sap
Sapping,of Sap
Sapadillo,See Sapodila.
Sapajo,The sapajou.
Sapful,Abounding in sap; sappy.
Saphead,A weak-minded  stupid fellow; a milksop.
Sapidity,The quality or state of being sapid; taste; savor; savoriness.
Sapidness,Quality of being sapid; sapidity.
Sapience,The quality of being sapient; wisdom; sageness; knowledge.
Sapient,Wise; sage; discerning; -- often in irony or contempt.
Sapiential,Having or affording wisdom.
Sapientious,Sapiential.
Sapientize,To make sapient.
Sapiently,In a sapient manner.
Sapless,Destitute of sap; not juicy.
sapling,A young tree.
Saponaceous,Resembling soap; having the qualities of soap; soapy.
Saponacity,The quality or state of being saponaceous.
Saponary,Saponaceous.
Saponifiable,Capable of conversion into soap; as  a saponifiable substance.
Saponifier,That which saponifies; any reagent used to cause saponification.
Saponified,of Saponify
Saponifying,of Saponify
Sapor,Power of affecting the organs of taste; savor; flavor; taste.
Saporous,Having flavor or taste; yielding a taste.
Sapota,The sapodilla.
Sappan wood,Sapan wood.
Sappare,Kyanite.
Sappiness,The quality of being sappy; juiciness.
Sappodilla,See Sapodilla.
Sappy,Abounding with sap; full of sap; juicy; succulent.
Saprophagous,Feeding on carrion.
Sapskull,A saphead.
Sapucaia,A Brazilian tree. See Lecythis  and Monkey-pot.
Saracenic,Alt. of Saracenical
Saracenical,Of or pertaining to the Saracens; as  Saracenic architecture.
Sarasin,See Sarrasin.
Sarcasmous,Sarcastic.
Sarcastic,Alt. of Sarcastical
Sarcastically,In a sarcastic manner.
Sarceled,Cut through the middle.
Sarcelle,The old squaw  or long-tailed duck.
Sarcenet,A species of fine thin silk fabric  used for linings etc.
Sarcin,Same as Hypoxanthin.
Sarcle,To weed  or clear of weeds with a hoe.
Sarcobases,of Sarcobasis
Sarcocele,Any solid tumor of the testicle.
Sarcocol,Alt. of Sarcocolla
Sarcoderm,Alt. of sarcoderma
Sarcodic,Of or pertaining to sarcode.
Sarcoid,Resembling flesh  or muscle; composed of sarcode.
Sarcoline,Flesh-colored.
Sarcologic,Alt. of Sarcological
Sarcological,Of or pertaining to sarcology.
Sarcomata,of Sarcoma
sarcomas,of Sarcoma
Sarcomatous,Of or pertaining to sarcoma; resembling sarcoma.
Sarcophagous,Feeding on flesh; flesh-eating; carnivorous.
Sarcophagi,of Sarcophagus
Sarcophaguses,of Sarcophagus
Sarcophagy,The practice of eating flesh.
Sarcoptes,A genus of parasitic mites including the itch mites.
Sarcorhamphi,A division of raptorial birds comprising the vultures.
Sarcosepta,of Sarcoseptum
Sarcoseptum,One of the mesenteries of an anthozoan.
Sarcosis,Abnormal formation of flesh.
Sarcotic,Producing or promoting the growth of flesh.
Sarculation,A weeding  as with a hoe or a rake.
Sardachate,A variety of agate containing sard.
Sardan,Alt. of Sardel
Sardel,A sardine.
Sardinian,Of or pertaining to the island  kingdom or people of Sardinia.
Sardoin,Sard; carnelian.
Sardonian,Sardonic.
Sargasso,The gulf weed. See under Gulf.
Sargassum,A genus of algae including the gulf weed.
Sari,Same as Saree.
Sark,A shirt.
Sarkin,Same as Hypoxanthin.
Sarlac,Alt. of Sarlyk
Sarlyk,The yak.
Sarmatian,Alt. of Sarmatic
Sarmentaceous,Bearing sarments  or runners as the strawberry.
Sarmentous,Sarmentose.
Sarn,A pavement or stepping-stone.
Sarplier,A coarse cloth made of hemp  and used for packing goods etc.
Sarrasin,Alt. of Sarrasine
Sarrasine,A portcullis  or herse.
Sarsa,Sarsaparilla.
Sarsaparilla,Any plant of several tropical American species of Smilax.
Sarsaparillin,See Parillin.
Sarse,A fine sieve; a searce.
Sarsenet,See Sarcenet.
Sart,An assart  or clearing.
Sartorial,Of or pertaining to a tailor or his work.
Sashed,of Sash
Sashing,of Sash
Sashery,A collection of sashes; ornamentation by means of sashes.
Sashoon,A kind of pad worn on the leg under the boot.
Sassaby,Alt. of Sassabye
Sassanage,Stones left after sifting.
Sassarara,A word used to emphasize a statement.
Sasse,A sluice or lock  as in a river to make it more navigable.
Sassenach,A Saxon; an Englishman; a Lowlander.
Sassolin,Alt. of Sassoline
Sassorol,Alt. of Sassorolla
Sassorolla,The rock pigeon. See under Pigeon.
Sastra,Same as Shaster.
Sat,imp. of Sit.
Satanic,Alt. of Satanical
Satanist,A very wicked person.
Satanophany,An incarnation of Satan; a being possessed by a demon.
Sated,of Sate
Sating,of Sate
Sateless,Insatiable.
Satellitious,Pertaining to  or consisting of satellites.
Sathanas,Satan.
Satiate,Filled to satiety; glutted; sated; -- followed by with or of.
Satiated,of Satiate
Satiating,of Satiate
Satiation,Satiety.
Satinet,A thin kind of satin.
Sation,A sowing or planting.
Satiric,Alt. of Satirical
Satirist,One who satirizes; especially  one who writes satire.
Satirized,of Satirize
Satirizing,of Satirize
Satisfactive,Satisfactory.
Satisfiable,That may be satisfied.
Satisfier,One who satisfies.
Satisfied,of Satisfy
Satisfying,of Satisfy
Satisfyingly,So as to satisfy; satisfactorily.
Sative,Sown; propagated by seed.
Satle,To settle.
Satrapal,Of or pertaining to a satrap  or a satrapy.
Satrapess,A female satrap.
Satrapical,Satrapal.
Satrapies,of Satrapy
Satrapy,The government or jurisdiction of a satrap; a principality.
Saturable,Capable of being saturated; admitting of saturation.
Saturant,Impregnating to the full; saturating.
Saturated,of Saturate
Saturating,of Saturate
Saturator,One who  or that which saturates.
Saturity,The state of being saturated; fullness of supply.
Saturnalian,Of or pertaining to the Saturnalia.
Saturnine,Born under  or influenced by the planet Saturn.
Saturnism,Plumbism.
Saturnist,A person of a dull  grave gloomy temperament.
Satyriasis,Immoderate venereal appetite in the male.
Satyric,Alt. of Satyrical
Satyrical,Of or pertaining to satyrs; burlesque; as  satyric tragedy.
Satyrion,Any one of several kinds of orchids.
Sauced,of Sauce
Saucing,of Sauce
Sauce-alone,Jack-by-the-hedge. See under Jack.
Saucebox,A saucy  impudent person; especially a pert child.
Saucer,A small pan or vessel in which sauce was set on a table.
Saucily,In a saucy manner; impudently; with impertinent boldness.
Saucisson,Alt. of Saucisse
Sauf,Safe.
Saufly,Safely.
Saugh,Alt. of Sauh
Sauh,imp. sing. of See.
Sauks,Same as Sacs.
Saul,Soul.
Saulie,A hired mourner at a funeral.
Sault,A rapid in some rivers; as  the Sault Ste. Marie.
Saunders,See Sandress.
Sauntered,of Saunter
Sauntering,of Saunter
Saunterer,One who saunters.
Saur,Soil; dirt; dirty water; urine from a cowhouse.
Saurian,Of or pertaining to  or of the nature of the Sauria.
Saurioid,Same as Sauroid.
Saurobatrachia,The Urodela.
Sauroid,Like or pertaining to the saurians.
Sauroidichnite,The fossil track of a saurian.
Sauropterygia,Same as Plesiosauria.
Sauries,of Saury
Sauseflem,Having a red  pimpled face.
Saut,Alt. of Saute
Saute,An assault.
Sauterne,A white wine made in the district of Sauterne  France.
Sautrie,Psaltery.
Sauvegarde,The monitor.
Savable,Capable of  or admitting of being saved.
Savableness,Capability of being saved.
Savacioun,Salvation.
Savagely,In a savage manner.
Savageness,The state or quality of being savage.
Savagery,The state of being savage; savageness; savagism.
Savanilla,The tarpum.
Savants,of Savant
Save,The herb sage  or salvia.
Saved,of Save
Saving,of Save
Saveable,See Savable.
Save-all,Anything which saves fragments  or prevents waste or loss.
Saveloy,A kind of dried sausage.
Savely,Safely.
Savement,The act of saving.
Saver,One who saves.
Savin,Alt. of Savine
Savingly,In a saving manner; with frugality or parsimony.
Savior,One who saves  preserves or delivers from destruction or danger.
Savioress,A female savior.
Savored,of Savor
Savoring,of Savor
Savorily,In a savory manner.
Savoriness,The quality of being savory.
Savorless,Having no savor; destitute of smell or of taste; insipid.
Savorly,Savory.
Savorous,Having a savor; savory.
Savory,Pleasing to the organs of taste or smell.
Savoyard,A native or inhabitant of Savoy.
Saw,imp. of See.
Sawed,of Saw
Sawn,of Saw
Sawing,of Saw
Sawarra nut,See Souari nut.
Sawbelly,The alewife.
Sawbill,The merganser.
Sawbones,A nickname for a surgeon.
Sawbuck,A sawhorse.
Sawceflem,See Sauseflem.
Sawder,A corrupt spelling and pronunciation of solder.
Sawer,One who saws; a sawyer.
Sawmill,A mill for sawing  especially one for sawing timber or lumber.
Sawneb,A merganser.
Saw palmetto,See under Palmetto.
Saw-toothed,Having a tooth or teeth like those of a saw; serrate.
Sawtry,A psaltery.
Saw-wrest,See Saw-set.
saxicavas,of Saxicava
Saxicavae,of Saxicava
Saxicavid,Of or pertaining to the saxicavas.
Saxicolous,Growing on rocks.
Saxifragant,Breaking or destroying stones; saxifragous.
Saxifragous,Dissolving stone  especially dissolving stone in the bladder.
Saxonic,Relating to the Saxons or Anglo- Saxons.
Saxonism,An idiom of the Saxon or Anglo-Saxon language.
Saxonist,One versed in the Saxon language.
Saxonite,See Mountain soap  under Mountain.
Say,Saw.
Saying,of Say
Sayer,One who says; an utterer.
Sayette,A mixed stuff  called also sagathy. See Sagathy.
Sayman,One who assays.
Saymaster,A master of assay; one who tries or proves.
Saynd,p. p. of Senge  to singe.
'Sblood,An abbreviation of God's blood; -- used as an oath.
Scabbed,of Scab
Scabbing,of Scab
Scabbard plane,See Scaleboard plane  under Scaleboard.
Scabbedness,Scabbiness.
Scabbily,In a scabby manner.
Scabbiness,The quality or state of being scabby.
Scabble,See Scapple.
Scabby,Affected with scabs; full of scabs.
Scabies,The itch.
Scabling,A fragment or chip of stone.
Scabredity,Roughness; ruggedness.
Scabrousness,The quality of being scabrous.
Scabwort,Elecampane.
Scaffoldage,A scaffold.
Scaglia,A reddish variety of limestone.
Scalae,of Scala
Scalable,Capable of being scaled.
Scalade,Alt. of Scalado
Scalado,See Escalade.
Scalary,Resembling a ladder; formed with steps.
Scalawag,A scamp; a scapegrace.
Scalded,of Scald
Scalding,of Scald
Scalder,A Scandinavian poet; a scald.
Scaled,of Scale
Scaling,of Scale
Scaleboard,A thin slip of wood used to justify a page.
Scaleless,Destitute of scales.
Scalene,Having the sides and angles unequal; -- said of a triangle.
Scalenohedral,Of or pertaining to a scalenohedron.
Scaliness,The state of being scaly; roughness.
Scaliola,Same as Scagliola.
Scall,A scurf or scabby disease  especially of the scalp.
Scalled,Scabby; scurfy; scall.
Scalloped,of Scallop
Scalloping,of Scallop
Scalloper,One who fishes for scallops.
Scalp,A bed of oysters or mussels.
Scalped,of Scalp
Scalping,of Scalp
Scalper,One who  or that which scalps.
Scalpriform,Shaped like a chisel; as  the scalpriform incisors of rodents.
Scaly,Covered or abounding with scales; as  a scaly fish.
Scaly-winged,Scale-winged.
Scambled,of Scamble
Scambling,of Scamble
Scambler,1. One who scambles.
Scamell,Alt. of Scammel
Scammel,The female bar-tailed godwit.
Scamilli,of Scamillus
Scammoniate,Made from scammony; as  a scammoniate aperient.
Scammony,A species of bindweed or Convolvulus (C. Scammonia).
Scamp,A rascal; a swindler; a rogue.
Scampered,of Scamper
Scampering,of Scamper
Scamperer,One who scampers.
Scampish,Of or like a scamp; knavish; as  scampish conduct.
Scanned,of Scan
Scanning,of Scan
Scan,To mount by steps; to go through with step by step.
Scandalized,of Scandalize
Scandalizing,of Scandalize
Scandalously,In a manner to give offense; shamefully.
Scandalousness,Quality of being scandalous.
Scandent,Climbing.
Scandia,A chemical earth  the oxide of scandium.
Scanted,of Scant
Scanting,of Scant
Scantiness,Quality or condition of being scanty.
Scantle,To be deficient; to fail.
Scantlet,A small pattern; a small quantity.
Scantling,Not plentiful; small; scanty.
Scanty,Wanting amplitude or extent; narrow; small; not abundant.
Scaped,of Scape
Scaping,of Scape
Scapegallows,One who has narrowly escaped the gallows for his crimes.
Scapegrace,A graceless  unprincipled person; one who is wild and reckless.
Scapeless,Destitute of a scape.
Scapement,Same as Escapement  3.
Scaphocephalic,Of  pertaining to or affected with scaphocephaly.
Scaphoid,Resembling a boat in form; boat-shaped.
Scapholunar,Of or pertaining to the scaphoid and lunar bones of the carpus.
Scapiform,Resembling a scape  or flower stem.
Scapulae,of Scapula
Scapulas,of Scapula
Scapular,Of or pertaining to the scapula or the shoulder.
Scapus,See 1st Scape.
Scarred,of Scar
Scarring,of Scar
Scarab,Alt. of Scarabee
Scarabaeus,Same as Scarab.
Scarcely,With difficulty; hardly; scantly; barely; but just.
Scarceness,Alt. of Scarcity
Scard,A shard or fragment.
Scared,of Scare
Scaring,of Scare
Scare,To frighten; to strike with sudden fear; to alarm.
Scarefire,An alarm of fire.
Scarf,A cormorant.
Scarfs,of Scarf
Scarves,of Scarf
Scarfed,of Scarf
Scarfing,of Scarf
Scarfskin,See Epidermis.
Scarification,The act of scarifying.
Scarifier,One who scarifies.
Scarified,of Scarify
Scarifying,of Scarify
Scariose,Alt. of Scarious
Scarious,Thin  dry membranous and not green.
Scarlatina,Scarlet fever.
Scarless,Free from scar.
Scarmage,Alt. of Scarmoge
Scarmoge,A slight contest; a skirmish. See Skirmish.
Scarn,Dung.
Scarped,of Scarp
Scarping,of Scarp
Scarry,Bearing scars or marks of wounds.
Scary,Barren land having only a thin coat of grass.
Scasely,Scarcely; hardly.
Scat,Go away; begone; away; -- chiefly used in driving off a cat.
Scatt,Tribute.
Scatches,Stilts.
Scate,See Skate  for the foot.
Scatebrous,Abounding with springs.
Scath,Harm; damage; injury; hurt; waste; misfortune.
Scathed,of Scath
Scathing,of Scath
Scathe,Alt. of Scath
Scathful,Harmful; doing damage; pernicious.
Scathless,Unharmed.
Scathly,Injurious; scathful.
Scattered,of Scatter
Scattering,of Scatter
Scatter-brained,Giddy; thoughtless.
Scattergood,One who wastes; a spendthrift.
Scatteringly,In a scattering manner; dispersedly.
Scatterling,One who has no fixed habitation or residence; a vagabond.
Scaturient,Gushing forth; full to overflowing; effusive.
Scaturiginous,Abounding with springs.
Scaup,A bed or stratum of shellfish; scalp.
Scaur,A precipitous bank or rock; a scar.
Scavenge,To cleanse  as streets from filth.
Scazon,A choliamb.
Scelerat,A villain; a criminal.
Scelestic,Evil; wicked; atrocious.
Scelet,A mummy; a skeleton.
Scena,A scene in an opera.
Scenario,A preliminary sketch of the plot  or main incidents of an opera.
Scenary,Scenery.
Sceneful,Having much scenery.
Scenemen,of Sceneman
Sceneman,The man who manages the movable scenes in a theater.
Sceneshifter,One who moves the scenes in a theater; a sceneman.
Scenic,Alt. of Scenical
Scenograph,A perspective representation or general view of an object.
Scenographic,Alt. of Scenographical
Scenographical,Of or pertaining to scenography; drawn in perspective.
Scented,of Scent
Scenting,of Scent
Scentful,Full of scent or odor; odorous.
Scentingly,By scent.
Scentless,Having no scent.
Scepsis,Skepticism; skeptical philosophy.
Scepter,Alt. of Sceptre
Sceptered,of Sceptre
Sceptred,of Sceptre
Sceptering,of Sceptre
Sceptring,of Sceptre
Scepterless,Alt. of Sceptreless
Sceptic,Alt. of Scepticism
Sceptical,Alt. of Scepticism
Scepticism,etc. See Skeptic  Skeptical Skepticism etc.
Sceptral,Of or pertaining to a scepter; like a scepter.
Scern,To discern; to perceive.
Schade,Shade; shadow.
Schah,See Shah.
Schediasm,Cursory writing on a loose sheet.
Scheele's green,See under Green.
Scheelin,Scheelium.
Scheelium,The metal tungsten.
Scheik,See Sheik.
Schelly,The powan.
Schemata,of Schema
Schemas,of Schema
Schematic,Of or pertaining to a scheme or a schema.
Schematism,Combination of the aspects of heavenly bodies.
Schematist,One given to forming schemes; a projector; a schemer.
Schematize,To form a scheme or schemes.
Schemed,of Scheme
Scheming,of Scheme
Schemeful,Full of schemes or plans.
Schemist,A schemer.
Schenkbeer,A mild German beer.
Scherbet,See Sherbet.
Scherif,See Sherif.
Scherzando,In a playful or sportive manner.
Schetic,Alt. of Schetical
Schetical,Of or pertaining to the habit of the body; constitutional.
Schiedam,Holland gin made at Schiedam in the Netherlands.
Schilerization,The act or process of producing schiller in a mineral mass.
Schirrhus,See Scirrhus.
Schisma,An interval equal to half a comma.
Schismatical,Same as Schismatic.
Schismatized,of Schismatize
Schismatizing,of Schismatize
Schismless,Free from schism.
Schistaceous,Of a slate color.
Schistic,Schistose.
Schistose,Alt. of Schistous
Schistous,Of or pertaining to schist; having the structure of a schist.
Schistosity,The quality or state of being schistose.
Schizocoele,See Enterocoele.
Schizocoelous,Pertaining to  or of the nature of a schizocoele.
Schizogenesis,Reproduction by fission.
Schizognath,Any bird with a schizognathous palate.
Schizognathae,The schizognathous birds.
Schizognathism,The condition of having a schizognathous palate.
Schizopod,one of the Schizopoda. Also used adjectively.
Schizopodous,Of or pertaining to a schizopod  or the Schizopoda.
Scizorhinal,Having the nasal bones separate.
Schmelze,A kind of glass of a red or ruby color  made in Bohemia.
Schnapps,Holland gin.
Scholarity,Scholarship.
Scholarlike,Scholarly.
Scholastical,Scholastic.
Scholastically,In a scholastic manner.
Scholia,See Scholium.
Scholiast,A maker of scholia; a commentator or annotator.
Scholiastic,Of or pertaining to a scholiast  or his pursuits.
Scholiaze,To write scholia.
Scholical,Scholastic.
Scholion,A scholium.
Scholiums,of Scholium
Scholy,A scholium.
School,A shoal; a multitude; as  a school of fish.
Schooled,of School
Schooling,of School
Schoolbook,A book used in schools for learning lessons.
Schoolboy,A boy belonging to  or attending a school.
Schooldame,A schoolmistress.
Schoolery,Something taught; precepts; schooling.
Schoolfellow,One bred at the same school; an associate in school.
Schoolgirl,A girl belonging to  or attending a school.
Schoolma'am,A schoolmistress.
Schoolmaid,A schoolgirl.
Schoolmen,of Schoolman
Schoolmate,A pupil who attends the same school as another.
Schoolroom,A room in which pupils are taught.
School-teacher,One who teaches or instructs a school.
Schoolward,Toward school.
Schorl,Black tourmaline.
Schorlous,Schorlaceous.
Schorly,Pertaining to  or containing schorl; as schorly granite.
Schottish,Alt. of Schottische
Schrode,See Scrod.
Schwann's sheath,The neurilemma.
Schwann's white substance,The substance of the medullary sheath.
Schwanpan,Chinese abacus.
Schweitzerkase,Gruyere cheese.
Schwenkfelder,Alt. of Schwenkfeldian
Sciagraphical,Pertaining to sciagraphy.
Sciamachy,See Sciomachy.
Sciatheric,Alt. of Sciatherical
Sciatherical,Belonging to a sundial.
Sciatical,Sciatic.
Sciatically,With  or by means of sciatica.
Scibboleth,Shibboleth.
Scient,Knowing; skillful.
Scienter,Knowingly; willfully.
Sciential,Pertaining to  or producing science.
Scientifical,Scientific.
Scilicet,To wit; namely; videlicet; -- often abbreviated to sc.  or ss.
Scimiter,Alt. of Scimitar
Scincoid,Of or pertaining to the family Scincidae  or skinks.
Scincoidea,A tribe of lizards including the skinks. See Skink.
Scink,A skink.
Scintilla,A spark; the least particle; an iota; a tittle.
Scintillant,Emitting sparks  or fine igneous particles; sparkling.
Scintillated,of Scintillate
Scintillating,of Scintillate
Scintillate,To emit sparks  or fine igneous particles.
Scintillation,The act of scintillating.
Scintillous,Scintillant.
Scintillously,In a scintillant manner.
Sciography,See Sciagraphy.
Sciolism,The knowledge of a sciolist; superficial knowledge.
Sciolous,Knowing superficially or imperfectly.
Sciomancy,Divination by means of shadows.
Scion,A shoot or sprout of a plant; a sucker.
Sciopticon,A kind of magic lantern.
Scioptric,Scioptic.
Sciot,Of or pertaining to the island Scio (Chio or Chios).
Sciotheric,Of or pertaining to a sundial.
Scious,Knowing; having knowledge.
Scirrhoid,Resembling scirrhus.
Scirrhosity,A morbid induration  as of a gland; state of being scirrhous.
Scirrhi,of Scirrhus
Scirrhuses,of Scirrhus
Scirrhus,An indurated organ or part; especially  an indurated gland.
Sciscitation,The act of inquiring; inquiry; demand.
Scise,To cut; to penetrate.
Scissel,The clippings of metals made in various mechanical operations.
Scissible,Capable of being cut or divided by a sharp instrument.
Scissil,See Scissel.
Scissile,Capable of being cut smoothly; scissible.
Scission,The act of dividing with an instrument having a sharp edge.
Scissiparity,Reproduction by fission.
Scissorsbill,See Skimmer.
Sciurine,Of or pertaining to the Squirrel family.
Sciurus,A genus of rodents comprising the common squirrels.
Sclaundre,Slander.
Sclav,Alt. of Sclave
Sclave,Same as Slav.
Sclavic,Same as Slavic.
Sclavism,Same as Slavism.
Sclavonian,Same as Slavonian.
Sclavonic,Same as Slavonic.
Sclender,Slender.
Scleragogy,Severe discipline.
Sclerema,Induration of the cellular tissue.
Sclerenchymatous,Pertaining to  or composed of sclerenchyma.
Sclerenchyme,Sclerenchyma.
Scleriasis,A morbid induration of the edge of the eyelid.
Scleritis,See Sclerotitis.
Sclerodermata,The stony corals; the Madreporaria.
Sclerodermic,Alt. of Sclerodermous
Sclerodermous,Having the integument  or skin hard or covered with hard plates.
Sclerodermite,The hard integument of Crustacea.
Sclerogen,The thickening matter of woody cells; lignin.
Sclerogenous,Making or secreting a hard substance; becoming hard.
Scleroid,Having a hard texture  as nutshells.
Sclerosed,Affected with sclerosis.
Sclerotal,Sclerotic.
Sclerotical,Sclerotic.
Sclerotitis,Inflammation of the sclerotic coat.
Sclerotia,of Sclerotium
Sclerous,Hard; indurated; sclerotic.
Scoat,To prop; to scotch.
Scobby,The chaffinch.
Scobiform,Having the form of  or resembling sawdust or raspings.
Scobs,Raspings of ivory  hartshorn metals or other hard substance.
Scoffed,of Scoff
Scoffing,of Scoff
Scoffer,One who scoffs.
Scoffery,The act of scoffing; scoffing conduct; mockery.
Scoffingly,In a scoffing manner.
Scoke,Poke (Phytolacca decandra).
Scolay,See Scoley.
Scolded,of Scold
Scolding,of Scold
Scolder,One who scolds.
Scoldingly,In a scolding manner.
Scole,School.
Scolecida,Same as Helminthes.
Scolecomorpha,Same as Scolecida.
Scoleces,of Scolex
Scoley,To go to school; to study.
Scoliosis,A lateral curvature of the spine.
Scollop,See Scallop.
Scolopacine,Of or pertaining to the Scolopacidae  or Snipe family.
Scolopendrine,Like or pertaining to the Scolopendra.
Scomberoid,Same as Scombroid.
Scombroid,Like or pertaining to the Mackerel family.
Scomfish,To suffocate or stifle; to smother.
Scomfit,Discomfit.
Scomm,A buffoon.
Sconce,A fortification  or work for defense; a fort.
Sconced,of Sconce
Sconcing,of Sconce
Sconcheon,A squinch.
Scooped,of Scoop
Scooping,of Scoop
Scooper,One who  or that which scoops.
Scoot,To walk fast; to go quickly; to run hastily away.
Scopate,Having the surface closely covered with hairs  like a brush.
Scopeline,Scopeloid.
Scopiferous,Bearing a tuft of brushlike hairs.
Scopiform,Having the form of a broom or besom.
Scopiped,Same as Scopuliped.
Scoppet,To lade or dip out.
Scoptic,Alt. of Scoptical
Scoptical,Jesting; jeering; scoffing.
Scopulas,of Scopula
Scopulae,of Scopula
Scopulous,Full of rocks; rocky.
Scorbute,Scurvy.
Scorbutic,Alt. of Scorbutical
Scorbutus,Scurvy.
Scorce,Barter.
Scorched,of Scorch
Scorching,of Scorch
Scored,of Score
Scoring,of Score
Scorer,One who  or that which scores.
Scoriae,of Scoria
Scoriac,Scoriaceous.
Scorie,The young of any gull.
Scoriform,In the form of scoria.
Scorified,of Scorify
Scorifying,of Scorify
Scorious,Scoriaceous.
Scorned,of Scorn
Scornful,Full of scorn or contempt; contemptuous; disdainful.
Scorny,Deserving scorn; paltry.
Scorper,Same as Scauper.
Scorpiones,of Scorpio
Scorpio,A scorpion.
Scorpiodea,Same as Scorpiones.
Scorpioid,Alt. of Scorpioidal
Scorpionidea,Same as Scorpiones.
Scorse,Barter; exchange; trade.
Scortatory,Pertaining to lewdness or fornication; lewd.
Scot,A name for a horse.
Scotal,Alt. of Scotale
Scotched,of Scotch
Scotching,of Scotch
Scotch-hopper,Hopscotch.
Scotchmen,of Scotchman
Scotchman,A native or inhabitant of Scotland; a Scot; a Scotsman.
Scot-free,Free from payment of scot; untaxed; hence  unhurt; clear; safe.
Scoth,To clothe or cover up.
Scotia,A concave molding used especially in classical architecture.
Scotograph,An instrument for writing in the dark  or without seeing.
Scotoma,Scotomy.
Scotomy,Dizziness with dimness of sight.
Scotsman,See Scotchman.
Scottering,The burning of a wad of pease straw at the end of harvest.
Scotticize,To cause to become like the Scotch; to make Scottish.
Scoundrelism,The practices or conduct of a scoundrel; baseness; rascality.
Scoured,of Scour
Scouring,of Scour
Scourage,Refuse water after scouring.
Scourer,One who  or that which scours.
Scourged,of Scourge
Scourging,of Scourge
Scourger,One who scourges or punishes; one who afflicts severely.
Scourse,See Scorse.
Scout,A swift sailing boat.
Scouted,of Scout
Scouting,of Scout
Scovel,A mop for sweeping ovens; a malkin.
Scow,A large flat-bottomed boat  having broad square ends.
Scowled,of Scowl
Scowling,of Scowl
Scowlingly,In a scowling manner.
Scrabbled,of Scrabble
Scrabbling,of Scrabble
Scraber,The Manx shearwater.
Scraffle,To scramble or struggle; to wrangle; also  to be industrious.
Scraggedness,Quality or state of being scragged.
Scraggily,In a scraggy manner.
Scragginess,The quality or state of being scraggy; scraggedness.
Scraggy,Rough with irregular points; scragged.
Scragly,See Scraggy.
Scrag-necked,Having a scraggy neck.
Scrambled,of Scramble
Scrambling,of Scramble
Scrambler,One who scrambles; one who climbs on all fours.
Scranched,of Scranch
Scranching,of Scranch
Scranch,To grind with the teeth  and with a crackling sound; to craunch.
Scranky,Thin; lean.
Scrannel,Slight; thin; lean; poor.
Scranny,Thin; lean; meager; scrawny; scrannel.
Scraped,of Scrape
Scraping,of Scrape
Scrapepenny,One who gathers and hoards money in trifling sums; a miser.
Scraper,An instrument with which anything is scraped.
Scrappily,In a scrappy manner; in scraps.
Scrat,To scratch.
Scratched,of Scratch
Scratching,of Scratch
Scratchbrush,A stiff wire brush for cleaning iron castings and other metal.
Scratchweed,Cleavers.
Scratchwork,See Scratch coat.
Scratchy,Characterized by scratches.
Scraw,A turf.
Scrawl,See Crawl.
Scrawled,of Scrawl
Scrawling,of Scrawl
Scrawler,One who scrawls; a hasty  awkward writer.
Scrawny,Meager; thin; rawboned; bony; scranny.
Scray,A tern; the sea swallow.
Screable,Capable of being spit out.
Screaked,of Screak
Screaking,of Screak
Screamed,of Scream
Screaming,of Scream
Scree,A pebble; a stone; also  a heap of stones or rocky debris.
Screeched,of Screech
Screeching,of Screech
Screechers,The picarian birds  as distinguished from the singing birds.
Screechy,Like a screech; shrill and harsh.
Screened,of Screen
Screening,of Screen
Screenings,The refuse left after screening sand  coal ashes etc.
Screwed,of Screw
Screwing,of Screw
Screwer,One who  or that which screws.
Scribable,Capable of being written  or of being written upon.
Scribatious,Skillful in  or fond of writing.
Scribbet,A painter's pencil.
Scribble,To card coarsely; to run through the scribbling machine.
Scribbled,of Scribble
Scribbling,of Scribble
Scribblement,A scribble.
Scribblingly,In a scribbling manner.
Scribed,of Scribe
Scribing,of Scribe
Scrid,A screed; a shred; a fragment.
Scriggle,To wriggle.
Scrimer,A fencing master.
Scrimped,of Scrimp
Scrimping,of Scrimp
Scrimpingly,In a scrimping manner.
Scrimpness,The state of being scrimp.
Scrimption,A small portion; a pittance; a little bit.
Scringed,of Scrine
Scringing,of Scrine
Scrip,A small bag; a wallet; a satchel.
Scrippage,The contents of a scrip  or wallet.
Script,A writing; a written document.
Scriptoria,of Scriptorium
Scripturalist,One who adheres literally to the Scriptures.
Scripturally,In a scriptural manner.
Scripturalness,Quality of being scriptural.
Scripture,Anything written; a writing; a document; an inscription.
Scripturian,A Scripturist.
Scrit,Writing; document; scroll.
Scritch,A screech.
Scrobiculae,of Scrobicula
Scrobiculate,Alt. of Scrobiculated
Scrobiculated,Having numerous small  shallow depressions or hollows; pitted.
Scrod,Alt. of Scrode
Scroddled ware,Mottled pottery made from scraps of differently colored clays.
Scrofulide,Any affection of the skin dependent on scrofula.
Scrog,A stunted shrub  bush or branch.
Scroggy,Abounding in scrog; also  twisted; stunted.
Scrotal,Of or pertaining to the scrotum; as  scrotal hernia.
Scrotiform,Purse-shaped; pouch-shaped.
Scrotocele,A rupture or hernia in the scrotum; scrotal hernia.
Scrotum,The bag or pouch which contains the testicles; the cod.
Scrouge,To crowd; to squeeze.
Scrow,A scroll.
Scroyle,A mean fellow; a wretch.
Scrubbed,of Scrub
Scrubbing,of Scrub
Scrubber,One who  or that which scrubs; esp. a brush used in scrubbing.
Scrubboard,A baseboard; a mopboard.
Scrubstone,A species of calciferous sandstone.
Scruff,Scurf.
Scrummage,See Scrimmage.
Scrumptious,Nice; particular; fastidious; excellent; fine.
Scrunch,To scranch; to crunch.
Scruple,A weight of twenty grains; the third part of a dram.
Scrupled,of Scruple
Skrupling,of Scruple
Scrupler,One who scruples.
Scrupulist,A scrupler.
Scruou-lize,To perplex with scruples; to regard with scruples.
Scrutable,Discoverable by scrutiny  inquiry or critical examination.
Scrutation,Search; scrutiny.
Scrutator,One who scrutinizes; a close examiner or inquirer.
Scrutinized,of Scrutinize
Scrutinizing,of Scrutinize
Scrutinizer,One who scrutinizes.
Scrutinous,Closely examining  or inquiring; careful; sctrict.
Scrutiny,Close examination; minute inspection; critical observation.
Scrutoire,A escritoire; a writing desk.
Scruze,To squeeze  compress crush or bruise.
Scry,To descry.
Scudded,of Scud
Scudding,of Scud
Scuddle,To run hastily; to hurry; to scuttle.
Scudi,of Scudo
Scuff,The back part of the neck; the scruff.
Scuffed,of Scuff
Scuffing,of Scuff
Scuffled,of Scuffle
Scuffling,of Scuffle
Scuffler,One who scuffles.
Scug,To hide.
Sculk,Alt. of Sculker
Sculker,See Skulk  Skulker.
Scull,The skull.
Sculled,of Scull
Sculling,of Scull
Sculler,A boat rowed by one man with two sculls  or short oars.
Sculleries,of Scullery
Scullion,A scalion.
Scullionly,Like a scullion; base.
Sculp,To sculpture; to carve; to engrave.
Sculptile,Formed by carving; graven; as  sculptile images.
Sculptress,A female sculptor.
Sculptural,Of or pertaining to sculpture.
Sculptured,of Sculpture
Sculpturing,of Sculpture
Scummed,of Scum
Scumming,of Scum
Scumber,To void excrement.
Scumbled,of Scumble
Scumbling,of Scumble
Scummer,To scumber.
Scummy,Covered with scum; of the nature of scum.
Scunner,To cause to loathe  or feel disgust at.
Scup,A swing.
Scuppaug,See 2d Scup.
Scur,To move hastily; to scour.
Scurff,The bull trout.
Scurfiness,Quality or state of being scurfy.
Scurfy,Having or producing scurf; covered with scurf; resembling scurf.
Scurrier,One who scurries.
Scurrit,the lesser tern (Sterna minuta).
Scurvily,In a scurvy manner.
Scurviness,The quality or state of being scurvy; vileness; meanness.
Scuta,See Scutum.
Scutal,Of or pertaining to a shield.
Scutate,Buckler-shaped; round or nearly round.
Scutched,of Scutch
Scutching,of Scutch
Scutch,To beat or whip; to drub.
Scutcheon,An escutcheon; an emblazoned shield.
Scutcheoned,Emblazoned on or as a shield.
Scutcher,One who scutches.
Scute,A small shield.
Scutella,See Scutellum.
Scutelle,of Scutella
Scutellate,Alt. of Scutellated
Scutelliform,Scutellate.
Scutibranch,Scutibranchiate.
Scutibranchia,Same as Scutibranchiata.
Scutibranchian,One of the Scutibranchiata.
Scutiferous,Carrying a shield or buckler.
Scutiform,Shield-shaped; scutate.
Scuttle,A broad  shallow basket.
Scuttled,of Scuttle
Scuttling,of Scuttle
Scybala,Hardened masses of feces.
Scyle,To hide; to secrete; to conceal.
Scymetar,See Scimiter.
Scyphae,of Scypha
Scypha,See Scyphus  2 (b).
Scyphiform,Cup-shaped.
Scyphistomata,of Scyphistoma
Scyphistomae,of Scyphistoma
Scyphomeduse,Same as Acraspeda  or Discophora.
Scyphi,of Scyphus
Scythed,Armed scythes  as a chariot.
Scythemen,of Scytheman
Scytheman,One who uses a scythe; a mower.
Scythestone,A stone for sharpening scythes; a whetstone.
Scythewhet,Wilson's thrush; -- so called from its note.
Scytodermata,Same as Holothurioidea.
Sdan,Disdain.
'Sdeath,An exclamation expressive of impatience or anger.
Sdeign,To disdain.
Sea acorn,An acorn barnacle (Balanus).
Sea anchor,See Drag sail  under 4th Drag.
Sea ape,The thrasher shark.
Sea arrow,A squid of the genus Ommastrephes. See Squid.
Sea bank,The seashore.
Sea-bar,A tern.
Sea barrow,A sea purse.
Sea bat,See Batfish (a).
Seabeach,A beach lying along the sea.
Sea bean,Same as Florida bean.
Sea bear,Any fur seal. See under Fur.
Seabeard,A green seaweed (Cladophora rupestris) growing in dense tufts.
Sea beast,Any large marine mammal  as a seal walrus or cetacean.
Sea bird,Any swimming bird frequenting the sea; a sea fowl.
Sea-blubber,A jellyfish.
Seaboard,The seashore; seacoast.
Seabord,See Seaboard.
Sea-bordering,Bordering on the sea; situated beside the sea.
Sea-born,Born of the sea; produced by the sea.
Seabound,Bounded by the sea.
Sea bow,See Marine rainbow  under Rainbow.
Sea boy,A boy employed on shipboard.
Sea breach,A breaking or overflow of a bank or a dike by the sea.
Sea brief,Same as Sea letter.
Sea bug,A chiton.
Sea-built,Built at  in or by the sea.
Sea butterfly,A pteropod.
Sea cabbage,See Sea kale  under Kale.
Sea calf,The common seal.
Sea canary,The beluga  or white whale.
Sea captain,The captain of a vessel that sails upon the sea.
Sea card,Mariner's card  or compass.
Sea catfish,Alt. of Sea cat
Sea cat,The wolf fish.
Sea cob,The black-backed gull.
Sea colewort,Sea cabbage.
Sea compass,The mariner's compass. See under Compass.
Sea coot,A scoter duck.
Sea cow,The mantee.
Sea crawfish,Alt. of Sea crayfish
Sea crow,The chough.
Sea dace,The European sea perch.
Sea daffodil,A European amarylidaceous plant (Pancratium maritimum).
Sea dog,The dogfish.
Sea dotterel,The turnstone.
Sea dove,The little auk  or rotche. See Illust. of Rotche.
Sea dragon,A dragonet  or sculpin.
Sea drake,The pewit gull.
Sea eel,The conger eel.
Sea egg,A sea urchin.
Seafarer,One who follows the sea as a business; a mariner; a sailor.
Seafaring,Following the business of a mariner; as  a seafaring man.
Sea feather,Any gorgonian which branches in a plumelike form.
Sea fennel,Samphire.
Sea fern,Any gorgonian which branches like a fern.
Sea fight,An engagement between ships at sea; a naval battle.
Sea flewer,A sea anemone  or any related anthozoan.
Sea foam,Foam of sea water.
Sea fox,The thrasher shark. See Thrasher.
Sea froth,See Sea foam  2.
Sea-gate,Alt. of Sea-gait
Sea-gait,A long  rolling swell of the sea.
Sea gauge,See under Gauge  n.
Sea gherkin,Alt. of Sea girkin
Sea girkin,Any small holothurian resembling in form a gherkin.
Seagirt,Surrounded by the water of the sea or ocean; as  a seagirt isle.
Sea goose,A phalarope.
Sea gown,A gown or frock with short sleeves  formerly worn by mariners.
Sea grape,The gulf weed. See under Gulf.
Sea grass,Eelgrass.
Sea green,The green color of sea water.
Sea-green,Of a beautiful bluish green color  like sea water on soundings.
Sea gudgeon,The European black goby (Gobius niger).
Sea gull,Any gull living on the seacoast.
Seah,A Jewish dry measure containing one third of an an ephah.
Sea hare,Any tectibranchiate mollusk of the genus Aplysia. See Aplysia.
Sea hawk,A jager gull.
Sea hedgehog,A sea urchin.
Sea hog,The porpoise.
Sea holly,An evergeen seashore plant (Eryngium maritimum). See Eryngium.
Sea holm,A small uninhabited island.
Sea hulver,Sea holly.
Sea jelly,A medusa  or jellyfish.
Seak,Soap prepared for use in milling cloth.
Sea kale,See under Kale.
Sealed,of Seal
Skaling,of Seal
Sea lamprey,The common lamprey.
Sea language,The peculiar language or phraseology of seamen; sailor's cant.
Sea lark,The rock pipit (Anthus obscurus).
Sea lavender,See Marsh rosemary  under Marsh.
Sea lawyer,The gray snapper. See under Snapper.
Sealgh,Alt. of Selch
Selch,A seal.
Sea lily,A crinoid.
Sea loach,The three-bearded rockling. See Rockling.
Seam,Grease; tallow; lard.
Seamed,of Seam
Seaming,of Seam
Sea-maid,The mermaid.
Sea-mail,A gull; the mew.
Seamen,of Seaman
Seaman,A merman; the male of the mermaid.
Seamanlike,Having or showing the skill of a practical seaman.
Sea mantis,A squilla.
Sea marge,Land which borders on the sea; the seashore.
Sea maw,The sea mew.
Sea-mell,The sea mew.
Sea mew,A gull; the mew.
Sea mile,A geographical mile. See Mile.
Seamless,Without a seam.
Sea monk,See Monk seal  under Monk.
Sea monster,Any large sea animal.
Sea moss,Any branched marine bryozoan resembling moss.
Seamster,One who sews well  or whose occupation is to sew.
Seamstress,A woman whose occupation is sewing; a needlewoman.
Seamstressy,The business of a seamstress.
Seamy,Having a seam; containing seams  or showing them.
Sean,A seine. See Seine.
Sea needle,See Garfish (a).
Sea nettle,A jellyfish  or medusa.
Sea onion,The officinal squill. See Squill.
Sea ooze,Same as Sea mud.
Sea-orb,A globefish.
Sea owl,The lumpfish.
Sea pad,The puffin.
Sea partridge,The gilthead (Crenilabrus melops)  a fish of the British coasts.
Sea pear,A pedunculated ascidian of the genus Boltonia.
Sea-pen,A pennatula.
Sea pheasant,The pintail duck.
Sea pie,The oyster catcher  a limicoline bird of the genus Haematopus.
Seapiece,A picture representing a scene at sea; a marine picture.
Sea piet,See 1st Sea pie.
Sea pig,A porpoise or dolphin.
Sea pigeon,The common guillemot.
Sea pike,The garfish.
Sea pincushion,A sea purse.
Sea pink,See Thrift.
Sea plover,the black-bellied plover.
Sea poacher,Alt. of Sea poker
Sea poker,The lyrie.
Sea pool,A pool of salt water.
Sea poppy,The horn poppy. See under Horn.
Seapoy,See Sepoy.
Sea pudding,Any large holothurian.
Sea purse,The horny egg case of a skate  and of certain sharks.
Sea purslane,See under Purslane.
Sea pye,See 1st Sea pie.
Sea pyot,See 1st Sea pie.
Sea quail,The turnstone.
Seaquake,A quaking of the sea.
Sear,Alt. of Sere
Seared,of Sear
Searing,of Sear
Sea rat,A pirate.
Searce,A fine sieve.
Searcer,One who sifts or bolts.
Searched,of Search
Searching,of Search
Searchable,Capable of being searched.
Searchableness,Quality of being searchable.
Searchless,Impossible to be searched; inscrutable; impenetrable.
Searcloth,Cerecloth.
Searedness,The state of being seared or callous; insensibility.
Sea reed,The sea-sand reed. See under Reed.
Sea risk,Risk of injury  destruction or loss by the sea or while at sea.
Sea robber,A pirate; a sea rover.
Sea robin,See under Robin  and Illustration in Appendix.
Sea rocket,See under Rocket.
Sea-roving,Cruising at random on the ocean.
Sea salmon,A young pollock.
Sea salt,Common salt  obtained from sea water by evaporation.
Sea sandpiper,The purple sandpiper.
Sea sandwort,See Sea chickweed.
Seascape,A picture representing a scene at sea.
Sea serpent,Any marine snake. See Sea snake.
Seashell,The shell of any marine mollusk.
Seasick,Affected with seasickness.
Sea slater,Any isopod crustacean of the genus Ligia.
Sea slug,A holothurian.
Sea snipe,A sandpiper  as the knot and dunlin.
Seasoned,of Season
Seasoning,of Season
Seasonage,A seasoning.
Seasonal,Of or pertaining to the seasons.
Seasoner,One who  or that which seasons or gives a relish; a seasoning.
Seasonless,Without succession of the seasons.
Sea squirt,An ascidian. See Illust. under Tunicata.
Sea star,A starfish  or brittle star.
Sea surgeon,A surgeon fish.
Sea swallow,The common tern.
Seated,of Seat
Seating,of Seat
Sea tang,A kind of seaweed; tang; tangle.
Sea term,A term used specifically by seamen; a nautical word or phrase.
Sea thief,A pirate.
Sea titling,The rock pipit.
Seatless,Having no seat.
Sea toad,A sculpin.
Sea turn,A breeze  gale or mist from the sea.
Sea unicorn,The narwhal.
Seave,A rush.
Seavy,Overgrown with rushes.
Sea wall,A wall  or embankment to resist encroachments of the sea.
Sea-walled,Surrounded  bounded or protected by the sea as if by a wall.
Seawan,Alt. of Seawant
Seawand,See Sea girdles.
Seaward,Directed or situated toward the sea.
Seaware,Seaweed; esp.  coarse seaweed. See Ware and Sea girdles.
Seaweed,Popularly  any plant or plants growing in the sea.
Sea whip,A gorgonian having a simple stem.
Sea widgeon,The scaup duck.
Seawives,of Seawife
Seawife,A European wrasse (Labrus vetula).
Sea willow,A gorgonian coral with long flexible branches.
Sea wing,A wing shell (Avicula).
Sea wolf,The wolf fish.
Sea woodcock,The bar-tailed godwit.
Sea wood louse,A sea slater.
Sea wrack,See Wrack.
Sebate,A salt of sebacic acid.
Sebic,See Sebacic.
Sebiferous,Producing vegetable tallow.
Sebiparous,Same as Sebiferous.
Secale,A genus of cereal grasses including rye.
Secant,Cutting; divivding into two parts; as  a secant line.
Secco,Dry.
Seceded,of Secede
Seceding,of Secede
Seceder,One who secedes.
Secerned,of Secern
Secerning,of Secern
Secern,To separate; to distinguish.
Secernent,Secreting; secretory.
Secernment,The act or process of secreting.
Secess,Retirement; retreat; secession.
Secessionist,One who upholds secession.
Seche,To seek.
Seck,Barren; unprofitable. See Rent seck  under Rent.
Secle,A century.
Secluded,of Seclude
Secluding,of Seclude
Seconded,of Second
Seconding,of Second
Secondarily,In a secondary manner or degree.
Secondariness,The state of being secondary.
Secondaries,of Secondary
Secondhand,Not original or primary; received from another.
Secondly,In the second place.
Secondo,The second part in a concerted piece.
Second-sighted,Having the power of second-sight.
Secre,Secret; secretive; faithful to a secret.
Secrecies,of Secrecy
Secrely,Secretly.
Secreness,Secrecy; privacy.
Secretarial,Of or pertaining to a secretary; befitting a secretary.
Secretariat,Alt. of Secretariate
Secretaries,of Secretary
Secretary,One who keeps  or is intrusted with secrets.
Secretaryship,The office  or the term of office of a secretary.
Secreted,of Secrete
Secreting,of Secrete
Secretist,A dealer in secrets.
Secretitious,Parted by animal secretion; as  secretitious humors.
Secretly,In a secret manner.
Secretness,The state or quality of being secret  hid or concealed.
Sect,A cutting; a scion.
Sectarism,Sectarianism.
Sectarist,A sectary.
Sectaries,of Sectary
Sectator,A follower; a disciple; an adherent to a sect.
Sectility,The state or quality of being sectile.
Sectionality,The state or quality of being sectional; sectionalism.
Sectionalize,To divide according to gepgraphical sections or local interests.
Sectionally,In a sectional manner.
Sectionize,To form into sections.
Sectism,Devotion to a sect.
Sectist,One devoted to a sect; a soetary.
Sectiuncle,A little or petty sect.
Sectoral,Of or pertaining to a sector; as  a sectoral circle.
Sectorial,Adapted for cutting.
Secular,Coming or observed once in an age or a century.
Secularized,of Secularize
Secularizing,of Secularize
Secularly,In a secular or worldly manner.
Secund,Arranged on one side only  as flowers or leaves on a stalk.
Secundate,To make prosperous.
Secundation,Prosperity.
Securable,That may be secured.
Secured,of Secure
Securing,of Secure
Securement,The act of securing; protection.
Securer,One who  or that which secures.
Securifera,The Serrifera.
Securiform,Having the form of an ax hatchet.
Securities,of Security
Security,The condition or quality of being secure; secureness.
Sedation,The act of calming  or the state of being calm.
Sedative,Tending to calm  moderate or tranquilize
Sedent,Sitting; inactive; quiet.
Sedentarily,In a sedentary manner.
Sedentariness,Quality of being sedentary.
Sedentary,Accustomed to sit much or long; as  a sedentary man.
Sederunt,A sitting  as of a court or other body.
Sedged,Made or composed of sedge.
Sedgy,Overgrown with sedge.
Sedimental,Sedimentary.
Seditionary,An inciter or promoter of sedition.
Sedlitz,Same as Seidlitz.
Seduced,of Seduce
Seducing,of Seduce
Seducement,The act of seducing.
Seducible,Capable of being seduced; corruptible.
Seductively,In a seductive manner.
Seductress,A woman who seduces.
See,A seat; a site; a place where sovereign power is exercised.
Seen,of See
Seeing,of See
Seed,of Seed
Seeds,of Seed
Seeded,of Seed
Seeding,of Seed
Seedbox,A capsule.
Seedcake,A sweet cake or cooky containing aromatic seeds  as caraway.
Seedcod,A seedlip.
Seeder,One who  or that which sows or plants seed.
Seed-lac,A species of lac. See the Note under Lac.
Seedless,Without seed or seeds.
Seedlip,Alt. of Seedlop
Seedlop,A vessel in which a sower carries the seed to be scattered.
Seedman,Seedsman.
Seedness,Seedtime.
Seedsmen,of Seedsman
Seedsman,A sower; one who sows or scatters seed.
Seedtime,The season proper for sowing.
Seedy,Abounding with seeds; bearing seeds; having run to seeds.
Seek,Sick.
Sought,of Seek
Seeking,of Seek
Seeker,One who seeks; that which is used in seeking or searching.
Seek-sorrow,One who contrives to give himself vexation.
Seeled,of Seel
Seeling,of Seel
Seelily,In a silly manner.
Seely,See Silly.
Seemed,of Seem
Seeming,of Seem
Seemingly,In appearance; in show; in semblance; apparently; ostensibly.
Seemingness,Semblance; fair appearance; plausibility.
Seemless,Unseemly.
Seemlily,In a seemly manner.
Seemliness,The quality or state of being seemly: comeliness; propriety.
Seemlyhed,Comely or decent appearance.
Seep,Alt. of Sipe
Sipe,To run or soak through fine pores and interstices; to ooze.
Seepage,Alt. of Sipage
Sipage,Water that seeped or oozed through a porous soil.
Seepy,Alt. of Sipy
Seer,Sore; painful.
Seeress,A female seer; a prophetess.
Seerfish,A scombroid food fish of Madeira (Cybium Commersonii).
Seerhand,A kind of muslin of a texture between nainsook and mull.
Seership,The office or quality of a seer.
Seerwood,Dry wood.
Seesawad,of Seesaw
Seesawing,of Seesaw
Seet,Sate; sat.
Seeth,imp. of Seethe.
Seethed,of Seethe
Sod,of Seethe
Sodden,of Seethe
Seething,of Seethe
Seether,A pot for boiling things; a boiler.
Seg,Sedge.
Segar,See Cigar.
Segge,The hedge sparrow.
Segmental,Relating to  or being a segment.
Segmented,Divided into segments or joints; articulated.
Segnitude,Alt. of Segnity
Segnity,Sluggishness; dullness; inactivity.
Segno,A sign. See Al segno  and Dal segno.
Segregate,Separate; select.
Segregated,of Segregate
Segregating,of Segregate
Seidlitz,Of or pertaining to Seidlitz  a village in Bohemia.
Seigh,obs. imp. sing. of See. Saw.
Seigneurial,Of or pertaining to the lord of a manor; manorial.
Seignior,A lord; the lord of a manor.
Seignioral,Of or pertaining to a seignior; seigneurial.
Seignioralty,The territory or authority of a seignior  or lord.
Seigniorial,Same as Seigneurial.
Seigniorize,To lord it over.
Seigniory,The power or authority of a lord; dominion.
Seiner,One who fishes with a seine.
Seining,Fishing with a seine.
Seint,A girdle.
Seintuary,Sanctuary.
Seirfish,Same as Seerfish.
Seise,See Seize.
Seisin,See Seizin.
Seismic,Alt. of Seismal
Seismal,Of or pertaining to an earthquake; caused by an earthquake.
Seismographic,Of or pertaining to a seismograph; indicated by a seismograph.
Seismography,A writing about  or a description of earthquakes.
Seismological,Of or pertaining to seismology.
Seismology,The science of earthquakes.
Seismoscope,A seismometer.
Seity,Something peculiar to one's self.
Seizable,That may be seized.
Seized,of Seize
Seizing,of Seize
Seizer,One who  or that which seizes.
Seizor,One who seizes  or takes possession.
Sejant,Alt. of Sejeant
Sejeant,Sitting  as a lion or other beast.
Sejein,To separate.
Sejunction,The act of disjoining  or the state of being disjoined.
Sejungible,Capable of being disjoined.
Seke,Sick.
Selachian,One of the Selachii. See Illustration in Appendix.
Selachoidei,Same as Selachii.
Selcouth,Rarely known; unusual; strange.
Seld,Rare; uncommon; unusual.
Selden,Seldom.
Seldem,Rarely; not often; not frequently.
Seldom,Rare; infrequent.
Seldomness,Rareness.
Seldseen,Seldom seen.
Seldshewn,Rarely shown or exhibited.
Selected,of Select
Selecting,of Select
Selectedly,With care and selection.
Selective,Selecting; tending to select.
Selectmen,of Selectman
Selectness,The quality or state of being select.
Selector,One who selects.
Selenate,A salt of selenic acid; -- formerly called also seleniate.
Selenite,A salt of selenious acid.
Selenitic,Alt. of Selenitical
Selenitical,Of or pertaining to selenite; resembling or containing selenite.
Seleniuret,A selenide.
Selenographer,One skilled in selenography.
Selenographic,Alt. of Selenographical
Selenographical,Of or pertaining to selenography.
Selenographist,A selenographer.
Selenonium,A hypothetical radical of selenium  analogous to sulphonium.
Selenology,That branch of astronomy which treats of the moon.
Self,Same; particular; very; identical.
Selves,of Self
Self-abasement,Degradation of one's self by one's own act.
Self-abasing,Lowering or humbling one's self.
Self-abhorrence,Abhorrence of one's self.
Self-abnegation,Self-denial; self-renunciation; self-sacrifice.
Self-abuse,The abuse of one's own self  powers or faculties.
Self-accused,Accused by one's self or by one's conscience.
Self-action,Action by  or originating in one's self or itself.
Self-activity,The quality or state of being self-active; self-action.
Self-admiration,Admiration of one's self.
Self-affairs,One's own affairs; one's private business.
Self-affrighted,Frightened at or by one's self.
Self-aggrandizement,The aggrandizement of one's self.
Self-annihilated,Annihilated by one's self.
Self-annihilation,Annihilation by one's own acts; annihilation of one's desires.
Self-applause,Applause of one's self.
Self-applying,Applying to or by one's self.
Self-approving,Approving one's own action or character by one's own judgment.
Self-assertive,Disposed to self-assertion; self-asserting.
Self-assumed,Assumed by one's own act  or without authority.
Self-assured,Assured by or of one's self; self-reliant; complacent.
Self-banished,Exiled voluntarily.
Self-begetten,Begotten by one's self  or one's own powers.
Self-bern,Born or produced by one's self.
Self-centered,Alt. of Self-centred
Self-centred,Centered in itself  or in one's self.
Self-centering,Alt. of Self-centring
Self-centring,Centering in one's self.
Self-centration,The quality or state of being self-centered.
Self-charity,Self-love.
Self-color,A color not mixed or variegated.
Self-command,Control over one's own feelings  temper etc.; self-control.
Self-commune,Self-communion.
Self-communicative,Imparting or communicating by its own powers.
Self-communion,Communion with one's self; thoughts about one's self.
Self-complacency,The quality of being self-complacent.
Self-concern,Concern for one's self.
Self-condemnation,Condemnation of one's self by one's own judgment.
Self-confidence,The quality or state of being self-confident; self-reliance.
Self-consciousness,The quality or state of being self-conscious.
Self-considering,Considering in one's own mind; deliberating.
Self-consistency,The quality or state of being self-consistent.
Self-consuming,Consuming one's self or itself.
Self-contradictory,Contradicting one's self or itself.
Self-convicted,Convicted by one's own consciousness  knowledge avowal or acts.
Self-created,Created by one's self; not formed or constituted by another.
Self-deception,Self-deceit.
Self-defence,See Self-defense.
Self-defense,The act of defending one's own person  property or reputation.
Self-delation,Accusation of one's self.
Self-denying,Refusing to gratify one's self; self-sacrificing.
Self-dependent,Dependent on one's self; self-depending; self-reliant.
Self-depending,Depending on one's self.
Self-depraved,Corrupted or depraved by one's self.
Self-destroyer,One who destroys himself; a suicide.
Self-destruction,The destruction of one's self; self-murder; suicide.
Self-destructive,Destroying  or tending to destroy one's self or itself; rucidal.
Self-devised,Devised by one's self.
Self-devoted,Devoted in person  or by one's own will.
Self-devotement,Self-devotion.
Self-devouring,Devouring one's self or itself.
Self-diffusive,Having power to diffuse itself; diffusing itself.
Self-distrust,Want of confidence in one' self; diffidence.
Self-enjoyment,Enjoyment of one's self; self-satisfaction.
Self-esteem,The holding a good opinion of one's self; self-complacency.
Self-estimation,The act of estimating one's self; self-esteem.
Self-evidence,The quality or state of being self-evident.
Self-examinant,One who examines himself; one given to self-examination.
Self-exposure,The act of exposing one's self; the state of being so exposed.
Self-fertilized,Fertilized by pollen from the same flower.
Self-glorious,Springing from vainglory or vanity; vain; boastful.
Self-gratulation,Gratulation of one's self.
Self-heal,A blue-flowered labiate plant (Brunella vulgaris); the healall.
Self-healing,Having the power or property of healing itself.
Self-homicide,The act of killing one's self; suicide.
Self-ignorance,Ignorance of one's own character  powers and limitations.
Self-ignorant,Ignorant of one's self.
Self-imparting,Imparting by one's own  or by its own powers and will.
Self-imposed,Voluntarily taken on one's self; as  self-imposed tasks.
Self-imposture,Imposture practiced on one's self; self-deceit.
Self-indignation,Indignation at one's own character or actions.
Self-indulgent,Indulging one's appetites  desires etc. freely.
Self-interest,Private interest; the interest or advantage of one's self.
Self-interested,Particularly concerned for one's own interest or happiness.
Selfist,A selfish person.
Self-justifier,One who excuses or justifies himself.
Self-kindled,Kindled of itself  or without extraneous aid or power.
Selfless,Having no regard to self; unselfish.
Selflessness,Quality or state of being selfless.
Self-luminous,Possessing in itself the property of emitting light.
Self-made,Made by one's self.
Self-mettle,Inborn mettle or courage; one's own temper.
Self-moved,Moved by inherent power.  without the aid of external impulse.
Self-moving,Moving by inherent power  without the aid of external impulse.
Self-murder,Suicide.
Self-murderer,A suicide.
Self-neglecting,A neglecting of one's self  or of one's own interests.
Selfness,Selfishness.
Self-one,Secret.
Self-opinioned,Having a high opinion of one's self; opinionated; conceited.
Self-opininating,Beginning wwith  or springing from one's self.
Self-perplexed,Perplexed by doubts originating in one's own mind.
Self-positing,The act of disposing or arranging one's self or itself.
Self-possessed,Composed or tranquill in mind  manner etc.; undisturbed.
Self-praise,Praise of one's self.
Self-preservation,The preservation of one's self from destruction or injury.
Self-propagating,Propagating by one's self or by itself.
Self-regulated,Regulated by one's self or by itself.
Self-regulative,Tending or serving to regulate one's self or itself.
Self-reliance,Reliance on one's own powers or judgment; self-trust.
Self-repellency,The quality or state of being self-repelling.
Self-reproached,Reproached by one's own conscience or judgment.
Self-reproaching,Reproaching one's self.
Self-reproved,Reproved by one's own conscience or one's own sense of guilt.
Self-reproving,Reproving one's self; reproving by consciousness of guilt.
Self-reprovingly,In a self-reproving way.
Self-repugnant,Self-contradictory; inconsistent.
Self-repulsive,Self-repelling.
Self-restraint,Restraint over one's self; self-control; self-command.
Self-reverence,A reverent respect for one's self.
Self-righteous,Righteous in one's own esteem; pharisaic.
Self-righteousness,The quality or state of being self-righteous; pharisaism.
Selfsame,Precisely the same; the very same; identical.
Self-satisfaction,The quality or state of being self-satisfied.
Self-satisfied,Satisfied with one's self or one's actions; self-complacent.
Self-satisfying,Giving satisfaction to one's self.
Self-seeker,One who seeks only his own interest  advantage or pleasure.
Self-seeking,Seeking one's own interest or happiness; selfish.
Self-slaughter,Suicide.
Self-sufficiency,The quality or state of being self-sufficient.
Self-sufficient,Sufficient for one's self without external aid or cooperation.
Self-suspended,Suspended by one's self or by itself; balanced.
Self-suspicious,Suspicious or distrustful of one's self.
Self-taught,Taught by one's own efforts.
Self-tormentor,One who torments himself.
Self-trust,Faith in one's self; self-reliance.
Self-uned,One with itself; separate from others.
Self-will,One's own will  esp. when opposed to that of others; obstinacy.
Self-willedness,Obstinacy.
Self-worship,The idolizing of one's self; immoderate self-conceit.
Self-wrong,Wrong done by a person himself.
Sell,Self.
Sold,of Sell
Selling,of Sell
Sellanders,Alt. of Sellenders
Sellenders,See Sallenders.
Seller,One who sells.
Seltzer water,See Selters water.
Seltzo-gene,A gazogene.
Selvage,Alt. of Selvedge
Selvaged,Alt. of Selvedged
Selvedged,Having a selvage.
Selve,Self; same.
Sely,Silly.
Semaphoric,Alt. of Semaphorical
Semaphorical,Of or pertaining to a semaphore  or semaphores; telegraphic.
Semaphorically,By means of a semaphore.
Semaphorist,One who manages or operates a semaphore.
Semblable,Like; similar; resembling.
Semblably,In like manner.
Semblance,Seeming; appearance; show; figure; form.
Semblant,Like; resembling.
Semblative,Resembling.
Semble,To imitate; to make a representation or likeness.
Semeiography,Alt. of Semiography
Semiography,A description of the signs of disease.
Semeiological,Alt. of Semiologioal
Semeiology,Alt. of Semiology
Semiology,The science or art of signs.
Semeiotic,Alt. of Semiotic
Semeiotics,Alt. of Semiotics
Semiotics,Semeiology.
Semele,A daughter of Cadmus  and by Zeus mother of Bacchus.
Semina,of Semen
Semen,The seed of plants.
Semeniferous,Seminiferous.
Semiacid,Slightly acid; subacid.
Semiacidified,Half acidified.
Semiadherent,Adherent part way.
Semiamplexicaul,Partially amplexicaul; embracing the stem half round  as a leaf.
Semiangle,The half of a given  or measuring angle.
Semiiannual,Half-yearly.
Semiannually,Every half year.
Semiannular,Having the figure of a half circle; forming a semicircle.
Semi-Arianism,The doctrines or tenets of the Semi-Arians.
Semiaxis,One half of the axis of an /llipse or other figure.
Semibarbarian,Half barbarous; partially civilized.
Semibarbaric,Half barbarous or uncivilized; as  semibarbaric display.
Semibarbarism,The quality or state of being half barbarous or uncivilized.
Semibarbarous,Half barbarous.
Semibrief,A semibreve.
Semicalcareous,Half or partially calcareous; as  a semicalcareous plant.
Semicalcined,Half calcined; as  semicalcined iron.
Semicastrate,To deprive of one testicle.
Semichaotic,Partially chaotic.
Semi-Christianized,Half Christianized.
Semicircled,Semicircular.
Semicircular,Having the form of half of a circle.
Semi circumference,Half of a circumference.
Semicirque,A semicircular hollow or opening among trees or hills.
Semicompact,Half compact; imperfectly indurated.
Semiconscious,Half conscious; imperfectly conscious.
Semicope,A short cope  or an inferier kind of cope.
Semi crustaceous,Half crustaceous; partially crustaceous.
Semicubical,Of or pertaining to the square root of the cube of a quantity.
Semicubium,Alt. of Semicupium
Semicylindric,Alt. of Semicylyndrical
Semicylyndrical,Half cylindrical.
Semideistical,Half deisticsl; bordering on deism.
Semidemiquaver,A demisemiquaver; a thirty-second note.
Semidetached,Half detached; partly distinct or separate.
Semidiapason,An imperfect octave.
Semidiapente,An imperfect or diminished fifth.
Semidiaphaneity,Half or imperfect transparency; translucency.
Semidiaphanous,Half or imperfectly transparent; translucent.
Semidiatessaron,An imperfect or diminished fourth.
Semiditone,A lesser third  having its terms as 6 to 5; a hemiditone.
Semiflexed,Half bent.
Semifloret,See Semifloscule.
Semifloscular,Semiflosculous.
Semiflosculous,Having all the florets ligulate  as in the dandelion.
Semifluid,Imperfectly fluid.
Semiform,A half form; an imperfect form.
Semiformed,Half formed; imperfectly formed; as  semiformed crystals.
Semihistorical,Half or party historical.
Semihoral,Half-hourly.
Semiindurated,Imperfectly indurated or hardened.
Semilapidified,Imperfectly changed into stone.
Semilenticular,Half lenticular or convex; imperfectly resembling a lens.
Semiliquid,Half liquid; semifluid.
Semiliquidity,The quality or state of being semiliquid; partial liquidity.
Semilogical,Half logical; partly logical; said of fallacies.
Semilor,A yellowish alloy of copper and zinc. See Simplor.
Semilunar,Shaped like a half moon.
Semilunary,Semilunar.
Semilunate,Semilunar.
Semilune,The half of a lune.
Semimute,A semimute person.
Seminality,The quality or state of being seminal.
Seminarian,Alt. of Seminarist
Seminaries,of Seminary
Seminated,of Seminate
Seminating,of Seminate
Seminate,To sow; to spread; to propagate.
Semination,The act of sowing or spreading.
Semined,Thickly covered or sown  as with seeds.
Seminific,Alt. of Semnifical
Seminification,Propagation from seed.
Seminude,Partially nude; half naked.
Semioccasionally,Once in a while; on rare occasions.
Semiological,Same as Semeiography  Semeiology Semeiological.
Semiopacous,Semiopaque.
Semiopal,A variety of opal not possessing opalescence.
Semiopaque,Half opaque; only half transparent.
Semiorbicular,Having the shape of a half orb or sphere.
Semioval,Half oval.
Semiovate,Half ovate.
Semioxygenated,Combined with oxygen only in part.
Semipagan,Half pagan.
Semipalmate,Alt. of Semipalmated
Semiped,A half foot in poetry.
Semipedal,Containing a half foot.
Semi-Pelagianism,The doctrines or tenets of the Semi-Pelagians.
Semipellucid,Half clear  or imperfectly transparent; as a semipellucid gem.
Semipellucidity,The qualiti or state of being imperfectly transparent.
Semipenniform,Half or partially penniform; as  a semipenniform muscle.
Semopermanent,Half or partly permanent.
Semiperspicuous,Half transparent; imperfectly clear; semipellucid.
Semiphlogisticated,Partially impregnated with phlogiston.
Semiprecious,Somewhat precious; as  semiprecious stones or metals.
Semiproof,Half proof; evidence from the testimony of a single witness.
Semi pupa,The young of an insect in a stage between the larva and pupa.
Semiquadrate,Alt. of Semiquartile
Semisavage,Half savage.
Semisolid,Partially solid.
Semisoun,A half sound; a low tone.
Semispheric,Alt. of Semispherical
Semispherical,Having the figure of a half sphere.
Semispheroidal,Formed like a half spheroid.
Semisteel,Puddled steel.
Semitae,of Semita
Semita,A fasciole of a spatangoid sea urchin.
Semitangent,The tangent of half an arc.
Semite,One belonging to the Semitic race. Also used adjectively.
Semiterete,Half terete.
Semitism,A Semitic idiom; a word of Semitic origin.
Semitransept,The half of a transept; as  the north semitransept of a church.
Semitranslucent,Slightly clear; transmitting light in a slight degree.
Semitransparency,Imperfect or partial transparency.
Semitransparent,Half or imperfectly transparent.
Semiverticillate,Partially verticillate.
Semivif,Only half alive.
Semivitreous,Partially vitreous.
Semivitrification,The quality or state of being semivitrified.
Semivitrified,Half or imperfectly vitrified; partially converted into glass.
Semolella,See Semolina.
Semolino,Same as Semolina.
Semoule,Same as Semolina.
Sempervirent,Always fresh; evergreen.
Sempervive,The houseleek.
Sempiterne,Sempiternal.
Sempre,Always; throughout; as  sempre piano always soft.
Sempster,A seamster.
Sempstress,A seamstress.
Sempstressy,Seamstressy.
Semster,A seamster.
Sen,A Japanese coin  worth about one half of a cent.
Senary,Of six; belonging to six; containing six.
Senator,A member of a senate.
Senatorially,In a senatorial manner.
Senatorian,Senatorial.
Senatorious,Senatorial.
Senatorship,The office or dignity of a senator.
Senatusconsult,A decree of the Roman senate.
Sent,of Send
Sending,of Send
Sendal,A light thin stuff of silk.
Sender,One who sends.
Senectitude,Old age.
Senega,Seneca root.
Senegal,Gum senegal. See under Gum.
Senescence,The state of growing old; decay by time.
Senescent,Growing old; decaying with the lapse of time.
Seneschalship,The office  dignity or jurisdiction of a seneschal.
Senge,To singe.
Sengreen,The houseleek.
Senility,The quality or state of being senile; old age.
Seniority,The quality or state of being senior.
Seniorize,To exercise authority; to rule; to lord it.
Seniory,Seniority.
Sennachy,See Seannachie.
Sennight,The space of seven nights and days; a week.
Senocular,Having six eyes.
Sens,Since.
Sensated,of Sensate
Sensating,of Sensate
Sensational,Of or pertaining to sensation; as  sensational nerves.
Sensationalist,An advocate of  or believer in philosophical sensationalism.
Sensed,of Sense
Sensing,of Sense
Senseful,Full of sense  meaning or reason; reasonable; judicious.
Sensibilities,of Sensibility
Sensifacient,Converting into sensation.
Sensiferous,Exciting sensation; conveying sensation.
Sensific,Exciting sensation.
Sensigenous,Causing or exciting sensation.
Sensism,Same as Sensualism  2 & 3.
Sensist,One who  in philosophy holds to sensism.
Sensitizer,An agent that sensitizes.
Sensitory,See Sensory.
Sensive,Having sense or sensibility; sensitive.
Sensor,Sensory; as  the sensor nerves.
Sensoriums,of Sensorium
Sensoria,of Sensorium
Sensories,of Sensery
Sensery,Same as Sensorium.
Sensualistic,Sensual.
Sensualization,The act of sensualizing  or the state of being sensualized.
Sensualized,of Sensualize
Sensualizing,of Sensualize
Sensually,In a sensual manner.
Sensualness,Sensuality; fleshliness.
Sensuism,Sensualism.
Sensuosity,The quality or state of being sensuous; sensuousness.
Sentence,Sense; meaning; significance.
Sentenced,of Sentence
Sentencing,of Sentence
Sentencer,One who pronounced a sentence or condemnation.
sentential,Comprising sentences; as  a sentential translation.
Sententially,In a sentential manner.
Sententiarist,A sententiary.
Sententiosity,The quality or state of being sententious.
Sentery,A sentry.
Senteur,Scent.
Sentience,Alt. of Sentiency
Sentiently,In a sentient or perceptive way.
Sentimentalist,One who has  or affects sentiment or fine feeling.
Sentimentality,The quality or state of being sentimental.
Sentimentally,In a sentimental manner.
Sentine,A place for dregs and dirt; a sink; a sewer.
Sentineled,of Sentinel
Sentinelled,of Sentinel
Sentineling,of Sentinel
Sentinelling,of Sentinel
Sentisection,Painful vivisection; -- opposed to callisection.
Sentires,of Sentry
Sentry,A soldier placed on guard; a sentinel.
Senza,Without; as  senza stromenti without instruments.
Sepal,A leaf or division of the calyx.
Sepaled,Having one or more sepals.
Sepaline,Relating to  or having the nature of sepals.
Sepaloid,Like a sepal  or a division of a calyx.
Separated,of Separate
Separating,of Separate
Separatical,Of or pertaining to separatism in religion; schismatical.
Separative,Causing  or being to cause separation.
Separator,One who  or that which separates.
Separatory,Separative.
Sepawn,See Supawn.
Sepelible,Admitting of burial.
Sepelition,Burial.
Sepias,of Sepia
Sepiae,of Sepia
Sepia,The common European cuttlefish.
Sepic,Of or pertaining to sepia; done in sepia; as  a sepic drawing.
Sepidaceous,Like or pertaining to the cuttlefishes of the genus Sepia.
Sepiment,Something that separates; a hedge; a fence.
Sepiolite,Meerschaum. See Meerschaum.
Sepiostare,The bone or shell of cuttlefish. See Illust. under Cuttlefish.
Sepon,See Supawn.
Sepose,To set apart.
Seposit,To set aside; to give up.
Seposition,The act of setting aside  or of giving up.
Seppuku,Same as Hara-kiri.
Septaemia,Septicaemia.
Septal,Of or pertaining to a septum or septa  as of a coral or a shell.
Septane,See Heptane.
Septangle,A figure which has seven angles; a heptagon.
Septangular,Heptagonal.
Septaria,of Septarium
September,The ninth month of the year  containing thurty days.
Septemberer,A Setembrist.
Septemfluous,Flowing sevenfold; divided into seven streams or currents.
Septemtrioun,Septentrion.
Septemvirs,of Septemvir
Septemviri,of Septemvir
Septemvir,One of a board of seven men associated in some office.
Septemvirate,The office of septemvir; a government by septimvirs.
Septenary,Consisting of  or relating to seven; as a septenary number.
Septenate,Having parts in sevens; heptamerous.
Septennial,Lasting or continuing seven years; as  septennial parliaments.
Septennially,Once in seven years.
Septentrial,Septentrional.
Septentrio,The constellation Ursa Major.
Septentrion,The north or northern regions.
Septentrional,Of or pertaining to the north; northern.
Septentrionality,Northerliness.
Septentrionally,Northerly.
Septentrionate,To tend or point toward the north; to north.
Septet,Alt. of Septette
Septette,A set of seven persons or objects; as  a septet of singers.
Septfoil,A European herb  the tormentil. See Tormentil.
Septic,Of the seventh degree or order.
Septical,Having power to promote putrefaction.
Septically,In a septic manner; in a manner tending to promote putrefaction.
Septicity,Tendency to putrefaction; septic quality.
Septifarious,Turned in seven different ways.
Septiferous,Bearing a partition; -- said of the valves of a capsule.
Septifluous,Flowing in seven streams; septemfluous.
Septifolious,Having seven leaves.
Septiform,Having the form of a septum.
Septilateral,Having seven sides; as  a septilateral figure.
Septimole,A group of seven notes to be played in the time of four or six.
Septisyllable,A word of seven syllables.
Septoic,See Heptoic.
Septuagenarian,A person who is seventy years of age; a septuagenary.
Septuagenary,Consisting of seventy; also  seventy years old.
Septuagesimal,Consisting of seventy days  years etc.; reckoned by seventies.
Septuary,Something composed of seven; a week.
Septulate,Having imperfect or spurious septa.
Septula,of Septulum
Septulum,A little septum; a division between small cavities or parts.
Septa,of Septum
Septuor,A septet.
Septuple,Seven times as much; multiplied by seven; sevenfold.
Septupled,of Septuple
Septupling,of Septuple
Sepulcher,Alt. of Sepulchre
Sepulchered,of Sepulchre
Sepulchred,of Sepulchre
Sepulchering,of Sepulchre
Sepulchring,of Sepulchre
Sequacious,Inclined to follow a leader; following; attendant.
Sequaciousness,Quality of being sequacious.
Sequacity,Quality or state of being sequacious; sequaciousness.
Sequelae,of Sequela
Sequela,One who  or that which follows.
Sequent,Following; succeeding; in continuance.
Sequential,Succeeding or following in order.
Sequestered,of Sequester
Sequestering,of Sequester
Sequestral,Of or pertaining to a sequestrum.
Sequestrated,of Sequestrate
Sequestrating,of Sequestrate
Sequestrate,To sequester.
Sequestra,of Sequestrum
Seraglio,An inclosure; a place of separation.
Seralbumen,Serum albumin.
Serang,The boatswain of a Lascar or East Ondian crew.
Seraphs,of Seraph
Seraphim,of Seraph
Seraphic,Alt. of Seraphical
Seraphicism,The character  quality or state of a seraph; seraphicalness.
Seraphina,A seraphine.
Seraskierate,The office or authority of a seraskier.
Serenaded,of Serenade
Serenading,of Serenade
Serenader,One who serenades.
Serenata,Alt. of Serenate
Serene,Bright; clear; unabscured; as  a serene sky.
Serenely,In a serene manner; clearly.
Sereneness,Serenity.
Serenitude,Serenity.
Serfage,Alt. of Serfdom
Serfdom,The state or condition of a serf.
Serfhood,Alt. of Serfism
Serfism,Serfage.
Sergeancies,of Sergeancy
Sergeancy,The office of a sergeant; sergeantship.
Sergeantcy,Same as Sergeancy.
Sergeantry,See Sergeanty.
Sergeantship,The office of sergeant.
Seriality,The quality or state of succession in a series; sequence.
Seriate,Arranged in a series or succession; pertaining to a series.
Seriatim,In regular order; one after the other; severally.
Seriation,Arrangement or position in a series.
Sericeous,Of or pertaining to silk; consisting of silk; silky.
Sericterium,A silk gland  as in the silkworms.
Sericulture,The raising of silkworms.
Serie,Series.
Serio-comic,Alt. of Serio-comical
Serio-comical,Having a mixture of seriousness and sport; serious and comical.
Seriph,See Ceriph.
Serjeant,Alt. of Serjeantcy
Serjeantcy,See Sergeant  Sergeantcy etc.
Sermocination,The making of speeches or sermons; sermonizing.
Sermocinator,One who makes sermons or speeches.
Sermoneer,A sermonizer.
Sermoner,A preacher; a sermonizer.
Sermonet,A short sermon.
Sermonic,Alt. of Sermonical
Sermonical,Like  or appropriate to a sermon; grave and didactic.
Sermoning,The act of discoursing; discourse; instruction; preaching.
Sermonish,Resembling a sermon.
Sermonist,See Sermonizer.
Sermonized,of Sermonize
Sermonizing,of Sermonize
Sermonize,To compose or write a sermon or sermons; to preach.
Sermonizer,One who sermonizes.
Seron,Alt. of Seroon
Seroon,Same as Ceroon.
Serose,Serous.
Serosity,The quality or state of being serous.
Serotine,The European long-eared bat (Vesperugo serotinus).
Serous,Thin; watery; like serum; as the serous fluids.
Serow,Alt. of Surrow
Surrow,The thar.
Serpens,A constellation represented as a serpent held by Serpentarius.
Serpented,of Serpent
Serpenting,of Serpent
Serpentiform,Having the form of a serpent.
Serpentigenous,Bred of a serpent.
Serpentinely,In a serpentine manner.
Serpentinian,See 2d Ophite.
Serpentinize,To convert (a magnesian silicate) into serpentine.
Serpentry,A winding like a serpent's.
Serpent-tongued,Having a forked tongue  like a serpent.
Serpet,A basket.
Serpette,A pruning knife with a curved blade.
Serpigo,A dry  scaly eruption on the skin; especially a ringworm.
Serpolet,Wild thyme.
Serpulae,of Serpula
Serpulas,of Serpula
Serpulian,Alt. of Serpulidan
Serpulidan,A serpula.
Serpulite,A fossil serpula shell.
Serr,To crowd  press or drive together.
Serrate,Alt. of Serrated
Serrated,Notched on the edge  like a saw.
Serration,Condition of being serrate; formation in the shape of a saw.
Serratirostral,Having a toothed bill  like that of a toucan.
Serrator,The ivory gull (Larus eburneus).
Serricated,Covered with fine silky down.
Serricorn,Having serrated antenn/.
Serried,Crowded; compact; dense; pressed together.
Serrifera,A division of Hymenoptera comprising the sawflies.
Serrirostres,Same as Lamellirostres.
Serrous,Like the teeth off a saw; jagged.
Serrula,The red-breasted merganser.
Serrulate,Alt. of Serrulated
Serrulated,Finely serrate; having very minute teeth.
Serrulation,The state of being notched minutely  like a fine saw.
Serrying,of Serry
Serry,To crowd; to press together.
Serum,The watery portion of certain animal fluids  as blood milk etc.
Servable,Capable of being served.
Servage,Serfage; slavery; servitude.
Servaline,Related to  or resembling the serval.
Servantess,A maidservant.
Servantry,A body of servants; servants  collectively.
Served,of Serve
Serving,of Serve
Server,One who serves.
Servian,Of or pertaining to Servia  a kingdom of Southern Europe.
Service,Alt. of Service
Serviceage,Servitude.
Servient,Subordinate.
Serviette,A table napkin.
Servilely,In a servile manner; slavishly.
Servileness,Quality of being servile; servility.
Servility,The quality or state of being servile; servileness.
Servitorship,The office  rank or condition of a servitor.
Serviture,Servants  collectively.
Servitute,Servitude.
Serye,A series.
Sesamoid,Resembling in shape the seeds of sesame.
Sesamoidal,Sesamoid.
Sesquialter,Sesquialteral.
Sesquialteral,Alt. of Sesquialterate
Sesquialterous,Sesquialteral.
Sesquipedal,Alt. of Sesquipedalian
Sesquipedalianism,Alt. of Sesquipedalism
Sesquipedalism,Sesquipedality.
Sesqyipedality,The quality or condition of being sesquipedal.
Sesquitertial,Sesquitertian.
Sesquitertian,Alt. of Sesquitertianal
Sesquitertianal,Having the ratio of one and one third to one (as 4 : 3).
Sesquitone,A minor third  or interval of three semitones.
Sess,To lay a tax upon; to assess.
Sessa,Hurry; run.
Sessile,Attached without any sensible projecting support.
Session,The act of sitting  or the state of being seated.
Sessional,Of or pertaining to a session or sessions.
Sesspool,Same as Cesspool.
Sestetto,A sestet.
Sestine,See Sextain.
Sestuor,A sestet.
Set,of Set
Setting,of Set
Setae,of Seta
Setback,Offset  n. 4.
Setbolt,An iron pin  or bolt for fitting planks closely together.
Setee,See 2d Settee.
Seten,obs. imp. pl. of Sit. Sat.
Setewale,See Cetewale.
Set-fair,In plastering  a particularly good troweled surface.
Setfoil,See Septfoil.
Sethen,See Since.
Sethic,See Sothic.
Setiferous,Producing  or having one or more bristles.
Setiform,Having the form or structure of setae.
Setiger,An annelid having setae; a chaetopod.
Setim,See Shittim.
Setness,The quality or state of being set; formality; obstinacy.
Set-off,That which is set off against another thing; an offset.
Setose,Alt. of Setous
Setous,Thickly set with bristles or bristly hairs.
Setout,A display  as of plate equipage etc.; that which is displayed.
Set-stitched,Stitched according to a formal pattern.
Sett,See Set  n. 2 (e) and 3.
Settle,A seat of any kind.
Settled,of Settle
Settling,of Settle
Settledness,The quality or state of being settled; confirmed state.
Settlement,The act of setting  or the state of being settled.
Settler,One who settles  becomes fixed established etc.
Set-to,A contest in boxing  in an argument or the like.
Setulae,of Setula
Setula,A small  short hair or bristle; a small seta.
Setule,A setula.
Setulose,Having small bristles or setae.
Sevenscore,Seven times twenty  that is a hundred and forty.
Seventeen,One more than sixteen; ten and seven added; as  seventeen years.
Seventeenth,Next in order after the sixteenth; coming after sixteen others.
Seventh,Next in order after the sixth;; coming after six others.
Seventhly,In the seventh place.
Seventy,Seven times ten; one more than sixty-nine.
Seventies,of Seventy
Seventy-four,A naval vessel carrying seventy-four guns.
Seven-up,The game of cards called also all fours  and old sledge.
Severed,of Sever
Severing,of Sever
Severable,Capable of being severed.
Several,Separate; distinct; particular; single.
Severalities,of Severality
Severality,Each particular taken singly; distinction.
Severalize,To distinguish.
Severally,Separately; distinctly; apart from others; individually.
Severities,of Severity
Severity,The quality or state of being severe.
Severy,A bay or compartment of a vaulted ceiling.
Sevocation,A calling aside.
Sevres blue,A very light blue.
Sew,Juice; gravy; a seasoned dish; a delicacy.
Sewed,of Sew
Sewn,of Sew
Sewing,of Sew
Sewe,To perform the duties of a sewer. See 3d Sewer.
Sewer,One who sews  or stitches.
Sewerage,The construction of a sewer or sewers.
Sewin,Same as Sewen.
Sewster,A seamstress.
Sex-,A combining form meaning six; as  sexdigitism; sexennial.
Sexagenarian,A person who is sixty years old.
Sexagesimal,Pertaining to  or founded on the number sixty.
Sexangle,A hexagon.
Sexangled,Alt. of Sexangular
Sexangular,Having six angles; hexagonal.
Sexangularly,Hexagonally.
Sexavalent,See Sexivalent.
Sexdigitist,One who has six fingers on a hand  or six toes on a foot.
Sexennial,Lasting six years  or happening once in six years.
Sexennially,Once in six years.
Sexfid,Alt. of Sexifid
Sexifid,Six-cleft; as  a sexfid calyx or nectary.
Sexisyllabic,Having six syllables.
Sexisyllable,A word of six syllables.
Sexivalent,Hexavalent.
Sexless,Having no sex.
Sexly,Pertaining to sex.
Sextain,A stanza of six lines; a sestine.
Sextans,A Roman coin  the sixth part of an as.
Sextant,The sixth part of a circle.
Sextaries,of Sextary
Sextet,Alt. of Sextetto
Sextetto,See Sestet.
Sexteyn,A sacristan.
Sextic,Of the sixth degree or order.
Sextos,of Sexto
Sextodecimos,of Sextodecimo
Sextoness,A female sexton; a sexton's wife.
Sextonry,Sextonship.
Sextonship,The office of a sexton.
Sextry,See Sacristy.
Sextuple,Six times as much; sixfold.
Sexualist,One who classifies plants by the sexual method of Linnaeus.
Sexuality,The quality or state of being distinguished by sex.
Sexualize,To attribute sex to.
Sexually,In a sexual manner or relation.
Sey,Alt. of Seyh
Seyh,imp. sing. & 2d pers. pl. of See.
Seye,Alt. of Seyen
Seyen,imp. pl. & p. p. of See.
Seynd,p. p. of Senge  to singe.
Seynt,A gridle. See 1st Seint.
Sforzando,Alt. of Sforzato
Shab,The itch in animals; also  a scab.
Shabbed,of Shab
Shabbing,of Shab
Shabbily,In a shabby manner.
Shabbiness,The quality or state of being sghabby.
Shabble,Alt. of Shabble
Shabby,Torn or worn to rage; poor; mean; ragged.
Shabrack,The saddlecloth or housing of a cavalry horse.
Shack,To shed or fall  as corn or grain at harvest.
Shackatory,A hound.
Shackle,Stubble.
Shackled,of Shackle
Shackling,of Shackle
Shacklock,A sort of shackle.
Shackly,Shaky; rickety.
Shadde,obs. imp. of Shed.
Shaded,of Shade
Shading,of Shade
Shadeful,Full of shade; shady.
Shadeless,Being without shade; not shaded.
Shader,One who  or that which shades.
Shadily,In a shady manner.
Shadiness,Quality or state of being shady.
Shadowed,of Shadow
Shadowing,of Shadow
Shadowiness,The quality or state of being shadowy.
Shadowish,Shadowy; vague.
Shadowless,Having no shadow.
Shadowy,Full of shade or shadows; causing shade or shadow.
Shad-spirit,See Shadbird (a)
Shad-waiter,A lake whitefish; the roundfish. See Roundfish.
Shaffle,To hobble or limp; to shuffle.
Shaffler,A hobbler; one who limps; a shuffer.
Shaft,The slender  smooth stem of an arrow; hence an arrow.
Shafted,Furnished with a shaft  or with shafts; as a shafted arch.
Shaftman,Alt. of Shaftment
Shaftment,A measure of about six inches.
Shag,Coarse hair or nap; rough  woolly hair.
Shagged,of Shag
Shagging,of Shag
Shagebush,A sackbut.
Shagginess,The quality or state of being shaggy; roughness; shaggedness.
Shaggy,Rough with long hair or wool.
Shag-haired,Having shaggy hair.
Shag-rag,The unkempt and ragged part of the community.
Shagreen,To chagrin.
Shagreened,Made or covered with the leather called shagreen.
Shaik,See Sheik.
Shail,To walk sidewise.
Shake,obs. p. p. of Shake.
Shook,of Shake
Shaken,of Shake
Shaking,of Shake
Shakefork,A fork for shaking hay; a pitchfork.
Shakeress,A female Shaker.
Shakerism,Doctrines of the Shakers.
Shakespearean,Of  pertaining to or in the style of Shakespeare or his works.
Shakiness,Quality of being shaky.
Shakings,Deck sweepings  refuse of cordage canvas etc.
Shako,A kind of military cap or headdress.
Shaky,Shaking or trembling; as  a shaky spot in a marsh; a shaky hand.
Shale,A shell or husk; a cod or pod.
Should,of Shall
Shall,To owe; to be under obligation for.
Shalli,See Challis.
Shalloon,A thin  loosely woven twilled worsted stuff.
Shallop,A boat.
Shallow,Not deep; having little depth; shoal.
Shallow-bodied,Having a moderate depth of hold; -- said of a vessel.
Shallow-brained,Weak in intellect; foolish; empty-headed.
Shallow-hearted,Incapable of deep feeling.
Shallowly,In a shallow manner.
Shallowness,Quality or state of being shallow.
Shallow-pated,Shallow-brained.
Shalm,See Shawm.
Shalt,2d per. sing. of Shall.
Shaly,Resembling shale in structure.
Shammed,of Sham
Shamming,of Sham
Shaman,A priest of Shamanism; a wizard among the Shamanists.
Shamanic,Of or pertaining to Shamanism.
Shamanist,An adherent of Shamanism.
Shambled,of Shamble
Shambling,of Shamble
Shamed,of Shame
Shaming,of Shame
Shamefast,Modest; shamefaced.
Shame-proof,Shameless.
Shamer,One who  or that which disgraces or makes ashamed.
Shammer,One who shams; an impostor.
Shammy,The chamois.
Shamois,Alt. of Shamoy
Shamoy,See Shammy.
Shampooed,of Shampoo
Shampooing,of Shampoo
Shampooer,One who shampoos.
Shandrydan,A jocosely depreciative name for a vehicle.
Shandygaff,A mixture of strong beer and ginger beer.
Shanghaied,of Shanghai
Shanghaiing,of Shanghai
Shank,See Chank.
Shankbeer,See Schenkbeer.
Shanked,Having a shank.
Shanker,See Chancre.
Shannies,of Shanny
Shan't,A contraction of shall not.
Shanty,Jaunty; showy.
Shanties,of Shanty
Shapable,That may be shaped.
Shaped,of Shape
Shapen,of Shape
Shaping,of Shape
Shapeliness,The quality or state of being shapely.
Shapely,Well-formed; having a regular shape; comely; symmetrical.
Shaper,One who shapes; as  the shaper of one's fortunes.
Shapoo,The oorial.
Shard,A plant; chard.
Shard-borne,Borne on shards or scaly wing cases.
Sharded,Having elytra  as a beetle.
Shardy,Having  or consisting of shards.
Shared,of Share
Sharing,of Share
Sharebeam,The part of the plow to which the share is attached.
Sharebone,The public bone.
Sharebroker,A broker who deals in railway or other shares and securities.
Sharked,of Shark
Sharking,of Shark
Sharker,One who lives by sharking.
Sharped,of Sharp
Sharping,of Sharp
Sarpened,of Sharpen
Sharpening,of Sharpen
Sharpen,To make sharp.
Sharpling,A stickleback.
Sharply,In a sharp manner ; keenly; acutely.
Sharpness,The quality or condition of being sharp; keenness; acuteness.
Sharpsaw,The great titmouse; -- so called from its harsh call notes.
Sharp-sighted,Having quick or acute sight; -- used literally and figuratively.
Sharptail,The pintail duck.
Sharp-witted,Having an acute or nicely discerning mind.
Shash,The scarf of a turban.
Shaster,Alt. of Shastra
Shathmont,A shaftment.
Shattered,of Shatter
Shattering,of Shatter
Shatter-brained,Alt. of Shatter-pated
Shatter-pated,Disordered or wandering in intellect; hence  heedless; wild.
Shave,obs. p. p. of Shave.
Shaved,of Shave
Shaven,of Shave
Shaving,of Shave
Shaver,One who shaves; one whose occupation is to shave.
Shaw,A thicket; a small wood or grove.
Shay,A chaise.
Sheaf,A sheave.
Sheaves,of Sheaf
Sheal,Same as Sheeling.
Sheared,of Shear
Shore,of Shear
Shorn,of Shear
Shearing,of Shear
Shearbill,The black skimmer. See Skimmer.
Sheard,See Shard.
Shearer,One who shears.
Shearling,A sheep but once sheared.
Shearmen,of Shearman
Shearman,One whose occupation is to shear cloth.
Shearn,Dung; excrement.
Shears,A cutting instrument.
Sheartail,The common tern.
Sheathed,of Sheathe
Sheating,of Sheathe
Sheather,One who sheathes.
Sheathfish,Same as Sheatfish.
Sheathless,Without a sheath or case for covering; unsheathed.
Sheath-winged,Having elytra  or wing cases as a beetle.
Sheathy,Forming or resembling a sheath or case.
Sheaved,Made of straw.
Shebander,A harbor master  or ruler of a port in the East Indies.
Shebang,A jocosely depreciative name for a dwelling or shop.
Shechinah,See Shekinah.
Shecklaton,A kind of gilt leather. See Checklaton.
Shedding,of Shed
Shelfa,Alt. of Shilfa
Shilfa,The chaffinch; -- so named from its call note.
Sheely,Same as Sheelfa.
Sheen,Bright; glittering; radiant; fair; showy; sheeny.
Sheenly,Brightly.
Sheeny,Bright; shining; radiant; sheen.
Sheepbite,To bite or nibble like a sheep; hence  to practice petty thefts.
Sheepbiter,One who practices petty thefts.
Sheepcot,Alt. of Sheepcote
Sheepcote,A small inclosure for sheep; a pen; a fold.
Sheep-faced,Over-bashful; sheepish.
Sheep-headed,Silly; simple-minded; stupid.
Sheepish,Of or pertaining to sheep.
Sheepmaster,A keeper or feeder of sheep; also  an owner of sheep.
Sheeprack,The starling.
Sheepshank,A hitch by which a rope may be temporarily shortened.
Sheep-shearer,One who shears  or cuts off the wool from sheep.
Sheep-shearing,Act of shearing sheep.
Sheepskin,The skin of a sheep; or  leather prepared from it.
Sheepy,Resembling sheep; sheepish.
Sheer,Bright; clear; pure; unmixed.
Sheered,of Sheer
Sheering,of Sheer
Sheerly,At once; absolutely.
Sheerwater,The shearwater.
Sheeted,of Sheet
Sheeting,of Sheet
Sheet cable,The cable belonging to the sheet anchor.
Sheet chain,A chain sheet cable.
Sheetfuls,of Sheetful
Sheetful,Enough to fill a sheet; as much as a sheet can hold.
Sheil,Alt. of Sheiling
Sheiling,See Sheeling.
Sheld,Variegated; spotted; speckled; piebald.
Sheldafle,Alt. of Sheldaple
Sheldaple,A chaffinch.
Sheldfowl,The common sheldrake.
Shelduck,The sheldrake.
Shelves,of Shelf
Shelfy,Abounding in shelves; full of dangerous shallows.
Shell,A hard outside covering  as of a fruit or an animal.
Shelled,of Shell
Shelling,of Shell
Shell-lac,Alt. of Shellac
Shellac,See the Note under 2d Lac.
Shellapple,See Sheldafle.
Shell-less,Having no shell.
Shellproof,Capable of resisting bombs or other shells; bombproof.
Shellwork,Work composed of shells  or adorned with them.
Shelly,Abounding with shells; consisting of shells  or of a shell.
Sheltered,of Shelter
Sheltering,of Shelter
Shelterless,Destitute of shelter or protection.
Sheltery,Affording shelter.
Sheltie,Alt. of Shelty
Shelty,A Shetland pony.
Shelve,To furnish with shelves; as  to shelve a closet or a library.
Shelved,of Shelve
Shelving,of Shelve
Shelvy,Sloping gradually; shelving.
Shemite,A descendant of Shem.
Shemitic,Alt. of Shemitish
Shemitism,See Semitism.
Shent,of Shend
Shending,of Shend
Shend,To injure  mar spoil or harm.
Shendful,Destructive; ruinous; disgraceful.
Shendship,Harm; ruin; also  reproach; disgrace.
Sheol,The place of departed spirits; Hades; also  the grave.
Shepen,A stable; a shippen.
Shepherded,of Shepherd
Shepherding,of Shepherd
Shepherdess,A woman who tends sheep; hence  a rural lass.
Shepherdias,of Shepherdia
Shepherdish,Resembling a shepherd; suiting a shepherd; pastoral.
Shepherdism,Pastoral life or occupation.
Shepherdling,A little shepherd.
Shepherdly,Resembling  or becoming to a shepherd; pastoral; rustic.
Shepster,A seamstress.
Shereef,Alt. of Sherif
Sheriat,The sacred law of the Turkish empire.
Sheriffalty,Alt. of Sheriffwick
Sheriffdom,Alt. of Sheriffwick
Sheriffry,Alt. of Sheriffwick
Sheriffship,Alt. of Sheriffwick
Sheriffwick,The office or jurisdiction of sheriff. See Shrievalty.
Shern,See Shearn.
Sherris,Sherry.
Shet,of Shet
Shette,of Shet
Shetting,of Shet
Shete,To shoot.
Shew,See Show.
Shewbread,See Showbread.
Shewel,A scarecrow.
Shewer,One who shews. See Shower.
Shewn,p. p. of Shew.
Shiah,Same as Shiite.
Shide,A thin board; a billet of wood; a splinter.
Shie,See Shy  to throw.
Shied,imp. & p. p. of Shy.
Shiel,A sheeling.
Shielded,of Shield
Shielding,of Shield
Shield-bearer,One who  or that which carries a shield.
Shielddrake,A sheldrake.
Shieldless,Destitute of a shield  or of protection.
Shieling,A hut or shelter for shepherds of fishers. See Sheeling.
Shifted,of Shift
Shifting,of Shift
Shift,To divide; to distribute; to apportion.
Shiff,To divide; to distribute.
Shiftable,Admitting of being shifted.
Shiftiness,The quality or state of being shifty.
Shiftingly,In a shifting manner.
Shiite,Alt. of Shiah
Shikaree,Alt. of Shikari
Shikari,A sportsman; esp.  a native hunter.
Shilf,Straw.
Shill,To shell.
Shillalah,Alt. of Shillelah
Shill-I-shall-I,Alt. of Shilly-shally
Shilly-shally,In an irresolute  undecided or hesitating manner.
Shily,See Shyly.
Shimmered,of Shimmer
Shimmering,of Shimmer
Shimmy,A chemise.
Shinned,of Shin
Shinning,of Shin
Shindle,A shingle; also  a slate for roofing.
Shindies,of Shindy
Shindy,An uproar or disturbance; a spree; a row; a riot.
Shone,of Shine
Shined,of Shine
Shining,of Shine
Shiner,That which shines.
Shiness,See Shyness.
Shingled,of Shingle
Shingling,of Shingle
Shingler,One who shingles.
Shingly,Abounding with shingle  or gravel.
Shinhopple,The hobblebush.
Shiningness,Brightness.
Shinto,Alt. of Shintiism
Shintoist,An adherent of Shintoism.
Shiny,Bright; luminous; clear; unclouded.
Ship,Pay; reward.
Shipped,of Ship
Shipping,of Ship
Shipfuls,of Shipful
Shipful,As much or as many as a ship will hold; enough to fill a ship.
Shipholder,A shipowner.
Shipless,Destitute of ships.
Shiplet,A little ship.
Shipload,The load  or cargo of a ship.
Shipmen,of Shipman
Shipman,A seaman  or sailor.
Shipmaster,The captain  master or commander of a ship.
Shipowner,Owner of a ship or ships.
Shippen,A stable; a cowhouse.
Shippon,A cowhouse; a shippen.
Shipwrecked,of Shipwreck
Shipwrecking,of Shipwreck
Shipyard,A yard  place or inclosure where ships are built or repaired.
Shirked,of Shirk
Shirking,of Shirk
Shirker,One who shirks.
Shirky,Disposed to shirk.
Shirl,Shrill.
Shirley,The bullfinch.
Shirred,Made or gathered into a shirr; as  a shirred bonnet.
Shirted,of Shirt
Shirting,of Shirt
Shirtless,Not having or wearing a shirt.
Shist,Alt. of Shistose
Shistose,See Shist  Schistose.
Shittah,Alt. of Shittah tree
Shittim,Alt. of Shittim wood
Shittim wood,The wood of the shittah tree.
Shittle,A shuttle.
Shittlecock,A shuttlecock.
Shittleness,Instability; inconstancy.
Shive,A slice; as  a shive of bread.
Shivered,of Shiver
Shivering,of Shiver
Shiveringly,In a shivering manner.
Shivery,Tremulous; shivering.
Shoading,The tracing of veins of metal by shoads.
Shoaled,of Shoal
Shoaling,of Shoal
Shoaly,Full of shoals  or shallow places.
Shoar,A prop. See 3d Shore.
Shoat,A young hog. Same as Shote.
Shocked,of Shock
Shocking,of Shock
Shockdog,See 7th Shock  1.
Shock-head,Shock-headed.
Shock-headed,Having a thick and bushy head of hair.
Shod,f Shoe.
Shoddyism,The quality or state of being shoddy.
Shode,The parting of the hair on the head.
Shoding,See Shoad  Shoading.
Shoes,of Shoe
Shoon,of Shoe
Shoeing,of Shoe
Shoeblack,One who polishes shoes.
Shoehorn,Alt. of Shoeing-horn
Shoeless,Destitute of shoes.
Shoemaker,One whose occupation it is to make shoes and boots.
Shoemaking,The business of a shoemaker.
Shog,A shock; a jog; a violent concussion or impulse.
Shoggle,To joggle.
Shogunate,The office or dignity of a Shogun.
Shola,See Sola.
Shonde,Harm; disgrace; shame.
Shoop,imp. of Shape. Shaped.
Shot,of Shoot
Shooting,of Shoot
Shotten,of Shoot
Shooter,One who shoots  as an archer or a gunner.
Shooty,Sprouting or coming up freely and regularly.
Shop,imp. of Shape. Shaped.
Shopped,of Shop
Shopping,of Shop
Shopboard,A bench or board on which work is performed; a workbench.
Shopbook,A book in which a tradesman keeps his accounts.
Shopboy,A boy employed in a shop.
Shopen,p. p. of Shape.
Shopgirl,A girl employed in a shop.
Shoplike,Suiting a shop; vulgar.
Shopmaid,A shopgirl.
Shopmen,of Shopman
Shopman,A shopkeeper; a retailer.
Shopper,One who shops.
Shoppish,Having the appearance or qualities of a shopkeeper  or shopman.
Shoppy,Abounding with shops.
Shopshift,The trick of a shopkeeper; deception.
Shopwomen,of Shopwoman
Shopwoman,A woman employed in a shop.
Shorage,Duty paid for goods brought on shore.
Shored,of Shore
Shoring,of Shore
Shoreling,See Shorling.
Shorer,One who  or that which shores or props; a prop; a shore.
Shoreward,Toward the shore.
Shorl,Alt. of Shorlaceous
Shorlaceous,See Schorl  Schorlaceous.
Short-breathed,Having short-breath  or quick respiration.
Short-circuited,of Short-circuit
Short-circuiting,of Short-circuit
Shortcoming,The act of falling  or coming short
Short-dated,Having little time to run from the date.
Shortened /,of Shorten
Shortening,of Shorten
Shortener,One who  or that which shortens.
Short-handed,Short of  or lacking the regular number of servants or helpers.
Shorthead,A sucking whale less than one year old; -- so called by sailors.
Shortly,In a short or brief time or manner; soon; quickly.
Short-spoken,Speaking in a quick or short manner; hence  gruff; curt.
Short-waisted,Having a short waist.
Shory,Lying near the shore.
Shots,of Shot
Shotted,of Shot
Shotting,of Shot
Shote,A fish resembling the trout.
Shot-free,Not to be injured by shot; shot-proof.
Shot-proof,Impenetrable by shot.
Shough,A shockdog.
Shouldered,of Shoulder
Shouldering,of Shoulder
Shoulder-shotten,Sprained in the shoulder  as a horse.
Shouted,of Shout
Shouting,of Shout
Shouter,One who shouts.
Shoved,of Shove
Shoving,of Shove
Shoveboard,Alt. of Shovegroat
Shovegroat,The same as Shovelboard.
Shoveled,of Shovel
Shovelled,of Shovel
Shoveling,of Shovel
Shovelling,of Shovel
Shovelard,Shoveler.
Shovelbill,The shoveler.
Shoveler,One who  or that which shovels.
Shovelfuls,of Shovelful
Shovelful,As much as a shovel will hold; enough to fill a shovel.
Shovelnose,The common sand shark. See under Snad.
Shovel-nosed,Having a broad  flat nose; as the shovel-nosed duck or shoveler.
Shoven,p. p. of Shove.
Showed,of Show
Shown,of Show
Showing,of Show
Shower,One who shows or exhibits.
Showered,of Shower
Showering,of Shower
Showerful,Full of showers.
Showeriness,Quality of being showery.
Showerless,Rainless; freo from showers.
Showery,Raining in showers; abounding with frequent showers of rain.
Showily,In a showy manner; pompously; with parade.
Showish,Showy; ostentatious.
Showmen,of Showman
Showman,One who exhibits a show; a proprietor of a show.
Showroom,A room or apartment where a show is exhibited.
Shrag,A twig of a tree cut off.
Shragger,One who lops; one who trims trees.
Shram,To cause to shrink or shrivel with cold; to benumb.
Shrank,imp. of Shrink.
Shrap,Alt. of Shrape
Shrape,A place baited with chaff to entice birds.
Shred,A long  narrow piece cut or torn off; a strip.
Shredded,of Shred
Shredding,of Shred
Shredcook,The fieldfare; -- so called from its harsh cry before rain.
Shreddy,Consisting of shreds.
Shredless,Having no shreds; without a shred.
Shrew,Wicked; malicious.
Shrewmouse,A shrew; especially  the erd shrew.
Shrieked,of Shriek
Shrieking,of Shriek
Shrieker,One who utters a shriek.
Shrieval,Of or pertaining to a sheriff.
Shrievalty,The office  or sphere of jurisdiction of a sheriff; sheriffalty.
Shrieve,A sheriff.
Shrift,The act of shriving.
Shright,imp. & p. p. of Shriek.
Shrilled,of Shrill
Shrilling,of Shrill
Shrill-gorged,Having a throat which produces a shrill note.
Shrillness,The quality or state of being shrill.
Shrill-tongued,Having a shrill voice.
Shrilly,In a shrill manner; acutely; with a sharp sound or voice.
Shrimp,To contract; to shrink.
Shrimper,One who fishes for shrimps.
Shrunk,of Shrink
Shrunken,of Shrink
Shrinking,of Shrink
Shrinker,One who shrinks; one who withdraws from danger.
Shrinkingly,In a shrinking manner.
Shrivalty,Shrievalty.
Shrived,of Shrive
Shrove,of Shrive
Shriven,of Shrive
Shriving,of Shrive
Shriveled,of Shrivel
Shrivelled,of Shrivel
Shriveling,of Shrivel
Shrivelling,of Shrivel
Shriver,One who shrives; a confessor.
Shroff,A banker  or changer of money.
Shrood,To trim; to lop.
Shroud,That which clothes  covers conceals or protects; a garment.
Shrouded,of Shroud
Shrouding,of Shroud
Shroudless,Without a shroud.
Shroudy,Affording shelter.
Shroving,The festivity of Shrovetide.
Shrow,A shrew.
Shrowd,See Shrood.
Shrubberies,of Shrubbery
Shrubbery,A collection of shrubs.
Shrubbiness,Quality of being shrubby.
Shrubby,Full of shrubs.
Shrubless,having no shrubs.
Shrugged,of Shrug
Shrugging,of Shrug
Shuck,A shock of grain.
Shucked,of Shuck
Shucking,of Shuck
Shucker,One who shucks oysters or clams
Shuddered,of Shudder
Shuddering,of Shudder
Shudderingly,In a shuddering manner.
Shuffled,of Shuffle
Shuffling,of Shuffle
Shuffleboard,See Shovelboard.
Shufflecap,A play performed by shaking money in a hat or cap.
Shuffler,One who shuffles.
Shufflewing,The hedg sparrow.
Shumac,Sumac.
Shunned,of Shun
Shunning,of Shun
Shunless,Not to be shunned; inevitable; unavoidable.
Shunted,of Shunt
Shunting,of Shunt
Shunt,To shun; to move from.
Shunter,A person employed to shunt cars from one track to another.
Shut,of Shut
Shutting,of Shut
Shute,Same as Chute  or Shoot.
Shutter,One who shuts or closes.
Shuttered,Furnished with shutters.
Shuttlecork,See Shuttlecock.
Shuttlewise,Back and forth  like the movement of a shuttle.
Shwan-pan,See Schwan-pan.
Shy,Easily frightened; timid; as  a shy bird.
Shying,of Shy
Shyly,In a shy or timid manner; not familiarly; with reserve.
Shyness,The quality or state of being shy.
Siaga,The ahu  or jairou.
Sialogogue,An agent which promotes the flow of saliva.
Siamese,Of or pertaining to Siam  its native people or their language.
Sib,A blood relation.
Sibilance,Alt. of Sibilancy
Sibilancy,The quality or state of being sibilant; sibilation.
Sibilation,Utterance with a hissing sound; also  the sound itself; a hiss.
Sibilatory,Hissing; sibilant.
Sibilous,Having a hissing sound; hissing; sibilant.
Sibyl,A woman supposed to be endowed with a spirit of prophecy.
Sibylist,One who believes in a sibyl or the sibylline prophecies.
Sic,Such.
Sicamore,See Sycamore.
Siccate,To dry.
Siccation,The act or process of drying.
Siccative,Drying; causing to dry.
Siccific,Causing dryness.
Siccity,Dryness; aridity; destitution of moisture.
Sice,The number six at dice.
Sicer,A strong drink; cider.
Sich,Such.
Sicilian,Of or pertaining to Sicily or its inhabitants.
Sicilienne,A kind of rich poplin.
Sick-brained,Disordered in the brain.
Sickened,of Sicken
Sickening,of Sicken
Sicken,To make sick; to disease.
Sicker,To percolate  trickle or ooze as water through a crack.
Siker,Sure; certain; trusty.
Sickerly,Alt. of Sikerly
Sikerly,Surely; securely.
Sickerness,Alt. of Sikerness
Sikerness,The quality or state of being sicker  or certain.
Sickish,Somewhat sick or diseased.
Sickled,Furnished with a sickle.
Sicklemen,of Sickleman
Sickleman,One who uses a sickle; a reaper.
Sickler,One who uses a sickle; a sickleman; a reaper.
Sickless,Free from sickness.
Sicklied,Made sickly. See Sickly  v.
Sickliness,The quality or state of being sickly.
Sicle,A shekel.
Siddow,Soft; pulpy.
Sided,of Side
Siding,of Side
Sidehill,The side or slope of a hill; sloping ground; a descent.
Sideling,Sidelong; on the side; laterally; also  obliquely; askew.
Sidelong,Laterally; obliquely; in the direction of the side.
Sidepiece,The jamb  or cheek of an opening in a wall as of door or window.
Sider,One who takes a side.
Sideral,Relating to the stars.
Siderated,Planet-struck; blasted.
Sidereal,Relating to the stars; starry; astral; as  sidereal astronomy.
Sidereous,Sidereal.
Siderographic,Alt. of Siderographical
Siderographist,One skilled in siderography.
Siderolite,A kind of meteorite. See under Meteorite.
Sidesmen,of Sidesman
Sidesman,A party man; a partisan.
Side-taking,A taking sides  as with a party sect or faction.
Sideways,Toward the side; sidewise.
Sidewinder,See Horned rattler  under Horned.
Sidewise,On or toward one side; laterally; sideways.
Sidled,of Sidle
Sidling,of Sidle
Siege,A seat; especially  a royal seat; a throne.
Siegework,A temporary fort or parallel where siege guns are mounted.
Siemens-Martin process,See Open-hearth process  etc. under Open.
Sienite,See Syenite.
Sienitic,See Syenitic.
Siennese,Of or pertaining to Sienna  a city of Italy.
Sieur,Sir; -- a title of respect used by the French.
Sieva,A small variety of the Lima bean (Phaseolus lunatus).
Sifflement,The act of whistling or hissing; a whistling sound; sibilation.
Sifted,of Sift
Sifting,of Sift
Sifter,One who  or that which sifts.
Sig,Urine.
Sigaultian,Pertaining to Sigault  a French physician. See Symphyseotomy.
Sigger,Same as
Sighed,of Sigh
Sighing,of Sigh
Sigh-born,Sorrowful; mournful.
Sigher,One who sighs.
Sighted,of Sight
Sighting,of Sight
Sightful,Easily or clearly seen; distinctly visible; perspicuous.
Sightfulness,The state of being sightful; perspicuity.
Sight-hole,A hole for looking through; a peephole.
Sightless,Wanting sight; without sight; blind.
Sightliness,The state of being sightly; comeliness; conspicuousness.
Sightly,Pleasing to the sight; comely.
Sightproof,Undiscoverable to sight.
Sight-shot,Distance to which the sight can reach or be thrown.
Sightsmen,of Sightsman
Sightsman,One who reads or performs music readily at first sight.
Sigil,A seal; a signature.
Sigillated,Decorated by means of stamps; -- said of pottery.
Sigillative,Fit to seal; belonging to a seal; composed of wax.
Sigilla,of Sigillum
Sigillum,A seal.
Sigmas,of Sigma
Sigmoid,Alt. of Sigmoidal
Sigmoidal,Curved in two directions  like the letter S or the Greek /.
Sigmoidally,In a sigmoidal manner.
Signed,of Sign
Signing,of Sign
Signaled,or Signalled (imp. & p. p.) of Signal
Signaling,of Signal
Signalling,of Signal
Signality,The quality or state of being signal or remarkable.
Signalized,of Signalize
Signalizing,of Signalize
Signally,In a signal manner; eminently.
Signate,Having definite color markings.
Signation,Sign given; marking.
Signatory,Relating to a seal; used in sealing.
Signature,A sign  stamp or mark impressed as by a seal.
Signeted,Stamped or marked with a signet.
Signifer,Bearing signs.
Significance,Alt. of Significancy
Significancy,The quality or state of being significant.
Significantly,In a significant manner.
Significate,One of several things signified by a common term.
Signification,The act of signifying; a making known by signs or other means.
Significative,Betokening or representing by an external sign.
Significator,One who  or that which signifies.
Significatory,Significant.
Signified,of Signify
Signifying,of Signify
Signiorize,To exercise dominion over; to lord it over.
Signiorship,State or position of a signior.
Signiory,Same as Seigniory.
Signor,Alt. of Signore
Signora,Madam; Mrs; -- a title of address or respect among the Italians.
Signorina,Miss; -- a title of address among the Italians.
Sik,Alt. of Sike
Sike,Such. See Such.
Silage,Short for Ensilage.
Sile,To strain  as fresh milk.
Silenced,of Silence
Silencing,of Silence
Silent,Free from sound or noise; absolutely still; perfectly quiet.
Silentious,Habitually silent; taciturn; reticent.
Silently,In a silent manner.
Silentness,State of being silent; silence.
Silenus,See Wanderoo.
Silesian,Of or pertaining to Silesia.
Silicate,A salt of silicic acid.
Silicatization,Silicification.
Silicea,Same as Silicoidea.
Silicicalcareous,Consisting of silica and calcareous matter.
Silicide,A binary compound of silicon  or one regarded as binary.
Siliciferous,Producing silica; united with silica.
Silicifying,of Silicify
Silicioidea,Same as Silicoidea.
Silicious,See Siliceous.
Silicispongiae,Same as Silicoidea.
Silicited,Silicified.
Silicium,See Silicon.
Siliciureted,Combined or impregnated with silicon.
Silicofluoride,A fluosilicate; a salt of silicofluoric acid.
Silicula,A silicle.
Silicule,A silicle.
Siliculose,Bearing silicles; pertaining to  or resembling silicles.
Siliginose,Made of fine wheat.
Siling,a. & n. from Sile to strain.
Siliquae,of Siliqua
Siliqua,Same as Silique.
Siliqyiform,Having the form of a silique.
Siliquosa,A Linnaean order of plants including those which bear siliques.
Siliquose,Alt. of Siliquous
Silkmen,of Silkman
Silkman,A dealer in silks; a silk mercer.
Silkness,Silkiness.
Siller,Silver.
Sillily,In a silly manner; foolishly.
Sillimanite,Same as Fibrolite.
Silliness,The quality or state of being silly.
Sillock,The pollock  or coalfish.
Sillon,A work raised in the middle of a wide ditch  to defend it.
Silly,Happy; fortunate; blessed.
Sillyhow,A caul. See Caul  n. 3.
Silt,Mud or fine earth deposited from running or standing water.
Silted,of Silt
Silting,of Silt
Silty,Full of silt; resembling silt.
Silure,A fish of the genus Silurus  as the sheatfish; a siluroid.
Siluridan,Any fish of the family Siluridae or of the order Siluroidei.
Siluroidei,An order of fishes  the Nematognathi.
Silvas,of Silva
Silvae,of Silva
Silvan,Of or pertaining to woods; composed of woods or groves; woody.
Silvanite,See Sylvanite.
Selvas,Vast woodland plains of South America.
Silvate,Same as Sylvate.
Silvered,of Silver
Silvering,of Silver
Silverback,The knot.
Silverboom,See Leucadendron.
Silverfish,The tarpum.
Silver-gray,Having a gray color with a silvery luster; as  silver-gray hair.
Silveriness,The state of being silvery.
Silverized,of Silverize
Silverizing,of Silverize
Silverize,To cover with silver.
Silverless,Having no silcver; hence  without money; impecunious.
Silverling,A small silver coin.
Silverly,Like silver in appearance or in sound.
Silvern,Made of silver.
Silviculture,See Sylviculture.
Sima,A cyma.
Simagre,A grimace.
Simar,A woman's long dress or robe; also light covering; a scarf.
Simarre,See Simar.
Simblot,The harness of a drawloom.
Simial,Simian; apelike.
Similarly,In a similar manner.
Similary,Similar.
Similative,Implying or indicating likeness or resemblance.
Similes,of Simile
Similitudinary,Involving or expressing similitude.
Similize,To liken; to compare; as  to similize a person thing or act.
Semious,Of or pertaining to the Sim/; monkeylike.
Simitar,See Scimiter.
Simmered,of Simmer
Simmering,of Simmer
Simmer,To boil gently  or with a gentle hissing; to begin to boil.
Simnel,A kind of cake made of fine flour; a cracknel.
Simonial,Simoniacal.
Simonious,Simoniacal.
Simonist,One who practices simony.
Simoom,Alt. of Simoon
Simous,Having a very flat or snub nose  with the end turned up.
Simpered,of Simper
Simpering,of Simper
Simper,To smile in a silly  affected or conceited manner.
Simperer,One who simpers.
Simperingly,In a simpering manner.
Simple-hearted,Sincere; inguenuous; guileless.
Simpleness,The quality or state of being simple; simplicity.
Simpless,Simplicity; silliness.
Simpleton,A person of weak intellect; a silly person.
Simplician,One who is simple.
Simplification,The act of simplifying.
Simplified,of Simplify
Simplifying,of Simplify
Simplist,One skilled in simples  or medicinal plants; a simpler.
Simplistic,Of or pertaining to simples  or a simplist.
Simplity,Simplicity.
Simploce,See Symploce.
Simulacher,Alt. of Simulachre
Simulachre,See Simulacrum.
Simulacra,of Simulacrum
Simulate,Feigned; pretended.
Simulated,of Simulate
Simulating,of Simulate
Simulator,One who simulates  or feigns.
Simulatory,Simulated  or capable of being simulated.
Simultaneity,The quality or state of being simultaneous; simultaneousness.
Simulty,Private grudge or quarrel; as  domestic simulties.
Sin,prep.  & conj. Old form of Since.
Sinned,of Sin
Sinning,of Sin
Sinaic,Alt. of Sinaitic
Sinapate,A salt of sinapic acid.
Sinapis,A disused generic name for mustard; -- now called Brassica.
Sincaline,Choline.
Sincere,Pure; unmixed; unadulterated.
Sincerely,In a sincere manner.
Sincereness,Same as Sincerity.
Sinciput,The fore part of the head.
Sindon,A wrapper.
Sinecure,An ecclesiastical benefice without the care of souls.
Sinecurism,The state of having a sinecure.
Sinecurist,One who has a sinecure.
Sinew,A tendon or tendonous tissue. See Tendon.
Sinewed,of Sinew
Sinewing,of Sinew
Sinewiness,Quality of being sinewy.
Sinewish,Sinewy.
Sinewless,Having no sinews; hence  having no strength or vigor.
Sinewous,Sinewy.
Sinew-shrunk,Having the sinews under the belly shrunk by excessive fatigue.
Sinewy,Pertaining to  consisting of or resembling a sinew or sinews.
Sung,of Sing
Singing,of Sing
Singed,of Singe
Singeing,of Singe
Singer,One who  or that which singes.
Singeress,A songstress.
Singhalese,Same as Cingalese.
Singled,of Single
Singling,of Single
Single-handed,Having but one hand  or one workman; also alone; unassisted.
Single-hearted,Having an honest heart; free from duplicity.
Singles,See Single  n. 2.
Sing-sing,The kob.
Singsong,Bad singing or poetry.
Singster,A songstress.
Singular,Separate or apart from others; single; distinct.
Singularist,One who affects singularity.
Singularities,of Singularity
Singularize,To make singular or single; to distinguish.
Singult,A sigh or sobbing; also  a hiccough.
Singultous,Relating to  or affected with hiccough.
Singultus,Hiccough.
Sinister-handed,Left-handed; hence  unlucky.
Sinisterly,In a sinister manner.
Sinistrad,Toward the left side; sinistrally.
Sinistrality,The quality or state of being sinistral.
Sinistrally,Toward the left; in a sinistral manner.
Sinistrous,Being on the left side; inclined to the left; sinistral.
Sinistrously,In a sinistrous manner; perversely; wrongly; unluckily.
Sunk,of Sink
Sunken,of Sink
Sinking,of Sink
Sinker,One who  or that which sinks.
Sinless,Free from sin.
Sinneress,A woman who sins.
Sinnet,See Sennit .
Sinological,Relating to the Chinese language or literature.
Sinologist,A sinologue.
Sinoper,Sinople.
Sinopia,Alt. of Sinopis
Sinopis,A red pigment made from sinopite.
Sinopite,A brickred ferruginous clay used by the ancients for red paint.
Sinque,See Cinque.
Sinsring,Same as Banxring.
Sinto,Alt. of Sintoist
Sintu,Alt. of Sintoist
Sintoism,Alt. of Sintoist
Sintoist,See Shinto  etc.
Sinuated,of Sinuate
Sinuating,of Sinuate
Sinuate,To bend or curve in and out; to wind; to turn; to be sinusous.
Sinuation,A winding or bending in and out.
Sinuose,Sinuous.
Sinuosities,of Sinuosity
Sinuosity,Quality or state of being sinuous.
Sinupalliate,Having a pallial sinus. See under Sinus.
Sinus,of Sinus
Sinuses,of Sinus
Sinusoidal,Of or pertaining to a sinusoid; like a sinusoid.
Siogoon,See Shogun.
Siogoonate,See Shogunate.
Sioux,See Dakotas.
Sipped,of Sip
Sipping,of Sip
Siphilis,Syphilis.
Siphoid,A siphon bottle. See under Siphon  n.
Siphonage,The action of a siphon.
Siphonal,Of or pertaining to a siphon; resembling a siphon.
Siphonate,Having a siphon or siphons.
Siphoniata,Same as Siphonata.
Siphonic,Of or pertaining to a siphon.
Siphonifer,Any cephalopod having a siphonate shell.
Siphonoglyphe,A gonidium.
Siphonophoran,Belonging to the Siphonophora.
Siphonophore,One of the Siphonophora.
Siphonostome,Any parasitic entomostracan of the tribe Siphonostomata.
Siphorhinal,Having tubular nostrils  as the petrels.
Siphorhinian,A siphorhinal bird.
Siphuncled,Having a siphuncle; siphunculated.
Siphuncular,Of or pertaining to the siphuncle.
Siphunculated,Having a siphuncle.
Sipid,Having a taste or flavorl savory; sapid.
Sipper,One whi sips.
Sipple,To sip often.
Sippling,Sipping often.
Sipunculoid,Pertaining to the Sipunculoidea.
Sipunculoidea,Same as Gephyrea.
Siraskier,See Seraskier.
Siraskierate,See Seraskierate.
Sirbonian,See Serbonian.
Sircar,A Hindoo clerk or accountant.
Sirdar,A native chief in Hindostan; a headman.
Sire,A lord  master or other person in authority. See Sir.
Sired,of Sire
Siring,of Sire
Sirene,See Siren  6.
Sirenian,Any species of Sirenia.
Sirenical,Like  or appropriate to a siren; fascinating; deceptive.
Siriasis,A sunstroke.
Sirius,The Dog Star. See Dog Star.
Sirloin,A loin of beef  or a part of a loin.
Sirname,See Surname.
Siroc,See Sirocco.
Siroccos,of Sirocco
Sirt,A quicksand.
Sirup,Alt. of Syrup
Siruped,Alt. of Syruped
Syruped,Moistened  covered or sweetened with sirup or sweet juice.
Sirupy,Alt. of Syrupy
Syrupy,Like sirup  or partaking of its qualities.
Sis,A colloquial abbreviation of Sister.
Sisal grass,Alt. of Sisal hemp
Sise,An assize.
Sisel,The suslik.
Siser,Cider. See Sicer.
Siserara,Alt. of Siserary
Siserary,A hard blow.
Siskiwit,The siscowet.
Sismograph,See Seismograph.
Sismometer,See Seismometer.
Sist,To stay  as judicial proceedings; to delay or suspend; to stop.
Sistering,Contiguous.
Sisters-in-law,of Sister-in-law
Sistine,Of or pertaining to Pope Sixtus.
Sistren,Sisters.
Sit,obs. 3d pers. sing. pres. of Sit  for sitteth.
Sitten,of Sit
Sitting,of Sit
Sited,Having a site; situated.
Sitfast,Fixed; stationary; immovable.
Sith,adv.  & conj. Since; afterwards; seeing that.
Sithe,Time.
Sithed,Scythed.
Sitheman,A mower.
Sithen,Since; afterwards. See 1st Sith.
Sithence,Alt. of Sithens
Sithens,Since. See Sith  and Sithen.
Siththen,See Sithen.
Sitology,A treatise on the regulation of the diet; dietetics.
Sitophobia,A version to food; refusal to take nourishment.
Sitter,One who sits; esp.  one who sits for a portrait or a bust.
Sittine,Of or pertaining to the family Sittidae  or nuthatches.
Situate,Alt. of Situated
Siver,To simmer.
Sivvens,See Sibbens.
Siwin,Same as Sewen.
Six,One more than five; twice three; as  six yards.
Sixfold,Six times repeated; six times as much or as many.
Six-footer,One who is six feet tall.
Sixpences,of Sixpence
Sixpenny,Of the value of  or costing sixpence; as a sixpenny loaf.
Sixscore,Six times twenty; one hundred and twenty.
Sixteen,Six and ten; consisting of six and ten; fifteen and one more.
Sixteenmos,of Sixteenmo
Sixteenmo,See Sextodecimo.
Sixteenth,Sixth after the tenth; next in order after the fifteenth.
Sixth,First after the fifth; next in order after the fifth.
Sixthly,In the sixth place.
Sixtieth,Next in order after the fifty-ninth.
Sixty,Six times ten; fifty-nine and one more; threescore.
Sixties,of Sixty
Sizable,Of considerable size or bulk.
Sizarship,The position or standing of a sizar.
Size,Six.
Sized,of Size
Sizing,of Size
Sizel,Same as Scissel  2.
Sizer,See Sizar.
Siziness,The quality or state of being sizy; viscousness.
Sizy,Sizelike; viscous; glutinous; as  sizy blood.
Sizzled,of Sizzle
Sizzling,of Sizzle
Skaddle,Hurt; damage.
Skaddon,The larva of a bee.
Skain,See Skein.
Skainsmate,A messmate; a companion.
Skaith,See Scatch.
Skald,See 5th Scald.
Skaldic,See Scaldic.
Skall,To scale; to mount.
Skar,Alt. of Skare
Skare,Wild; timid; shy.
Skart,The shag.
Skated,of Skate
Skating,of Skate
Skater,One who skates.
Skayles,[ 159.] Skittles.
Skedaddled,of Skedaddle
Skedaddling,of Skedaddle
Skeed,See Skid.
Skeel,A shallow wooden vessel for holding milk or cream.
Skeelduck,Alt. of Skeelgoose
Skeelgoose,The common European sheldrake.
Skeg,A sort of wild plum.
Skegger,The parr.
Skeine,See Skean.
Skelder,To deceive; to cheat; to trick.
Skeldrake,Alt. of Skieldrake
Skieldrake,The common European sheldrake.
Skelet,A skeleton. See Scelet.
Skeletal,Pertaining to the skeleton.
Skeletogenous,Forming or producing parts of the skeleton.
Skeletonized,of Skeletonize
Skeletonizing,of Skeletonize
Skellum,A scoundrel.
Skelly,To squint.
Skelp,A blow; a smart stroke.
Sken,To squint.
Skene,See Skean.
Skep,A coarse round farm basket.
Skepticism,An undecided  inquiring state of mind; doubt; uncertainty.
Skepticize,To doubt; to pretend to doubt of everything.
Skerries,of Skerry
Skerry,A rocky isle; an insulated rock.
Sketched,of Sketch
Sketching,of Sketch
Sketchbook,A book of sketches or for sketches.
Sketcher,One who sketches.
Sketchily,In a sketchy or incomplete manner.
Skew,Awry; obliquely; askew.
Skewed,of Skew
Skewing,of Skew
Skewered,of Skewer
Skewering,of Skewer
Skidded,of Skid
Skidding,of Skid
Skiddaw,The black guillemot.
Skidpan,See Skid  n. 1.
Skied,imp. & p. p. of Sky  v. t.
Skiey,See Skyey.
Skiff,A small  light boat.
Skiffed,of Skiff
Skiffing,of Skiff
Skiffling,Rough dressing by knocking off knobs or projections; knobbing.
Skilder,To beg; to pilfer; to skelder.
Skilful,See Skilful.
Skill,Discrimination; judgment; propriety; reason; cause.
Skillful,Discerning; reasonable; judicious; cunning.
Skilling,A bay of a barn; also  a slight addition to a cottage.
Skill-less,Wanting skill.
Skilts,A kind of large  coarse short trousers formerly worn.
Skilty,The water rail.
Skimmed,of Skim
Skimming,of Skim
Skrim,Scum; refuse.
Skimback,The quillback.
Skimble-scamble,Rambling; disorderly; unconnected.
Skimitry,See Skimmington.
Skimmerton,See Skimmington.
Skimmingly,In a skimming manner.
Skimped,of Skimp
Skimping,of Skimp
Skimp,To slight; to do carelessly; to scamp.
Skin,The external membranous integument of an animal.
Skinned,of Skin
Skinning,of Skin
Skinched,of Skinch
Skinching,of Skinch
Skin-deep,Not deeper than the skin; hence  superficial.
Skinflint,A penurious person; a miser; a niggard.
Skinfuls,of Skinful
Skinful,As much as a skin can hold.
Skinked,of Skink
Skinking,of Skink
Skinker,One who serves liquor; a tapster.
Skinless,Having no skin  or a very thin skin; as skinless fruit.
Skinner,One who skins.
Skinniness,Quality of being skinny.
Skinny,Consisting  or chiefly consisting of skin; wanting flesh.
Skip,A basket. See Skep.
Skipped,of Skip
Skipping,of Skip
Skipjack,An upstart.
Skipper,One who  or that which skips.
Skippet,A small boat; a skiff.
Skippingly,In a skipping manner; by skips  or light leaps.
Skirl,To utter in a shrill tone; to scream.
Skirlcock,The missel thrush; -- so called from its harsh alarm note.
Skirlcrake,The turnstone.
Skirling,A shrill cry or sound; a crying shrilly; a skirl.
Skirmished,of Skirmish
Skirmishing,of Skirmish
Skirmisher,One who skirmishes.
Skirr,To ramble over in order to clear; to scour.
Skirrhus,See Scirrhus.
Skirted,of Skirt
Skirting,of Skirt
Skit,To cast reflections on; to asperse.
Skittle,Pertaining to the game of skittles.
Skittle-dog,The piked dogfish.
Skiving,The act of paring or splitting leather or skins.
Sklayre,A vell.
Sklere,To shelter; to cover.
Skolecite,Alt. of Skolezite
Skolezite,See Scolecite.
Skonce,See Sconce.
Scopster,The saury.
Skorodite,See Scorodite.
Skout,A guillemot.
Skowitz,The silver salmon.
Skreen,See Screen.
Skrike,To shriek.
Skrimmage,See Scrimmage.
Skrimp,See Scrimp.
Skringe,See Scringe.
Skrite,The skrike.
Skue,See Skew.
Skulked,of Skulk
Skulking,of Skulk
Skulker,One who  or that which skulks.
Skulkingly,In a skulking manner.
Skull,A school  company or shoal.
Skullfish,A whaler's name for a whale more than two years old.
Skulpin,See Sculpin.
Skun,See Scum.
Skunkball,The surf duck.
Skunkhead,The surf duck.
Skunkish,Like the skunk  especially in odor.
Skunktop,The surf duck.
Skunkweed,Skunk cabbage.
Skurry,See Scurry.
Skute,A boat; a small vessel.
Skies,of Sky
Sky,A cloud.
Skyed,of Sky
Skying,of Sky
Sky-blue,Having the blue color of the sky; azure; as  a sky-blue stone.
Skye terrier,See Terrier.
Skyey,Like the sky; ethereal; being in the sky.
Sky-high,Very high.
Skyish,Like the sky  or approaching the sky; lofty; ethereal.
Skysail,The sail set next above the royal. See Illust. under Sail.
Skyward,Toward the sky.
Slabbered,of Slabber
Slabbering,of Slabber
Slabberer,One who slabbers  or drools; hence an idiot.
Slabbery,Like  or covered with slabber or slab; slippery; sloppy.
Slabbiness,Quality of being slabby.
Slabbing,Adapted for forming slabs  or for dressing flat surfaces.
Slabby,Thick; viscous.
Slab-sided,Having flat sides; hence  tall or long and lank.
Slack,Small coal; also  coal dust; culm.
Slacked,of Slacken
Slackened,of Slacken
Slacking,of Slacken
Slackening,of Slacken
Slackly,In a slack manner.
Slackness,The quality or state of being slack.
Slade,A little dell or valley; a flat piece of low  moist ground.
Slag,The dross  or recrement of a metal; also vitrified cinders.
Slaggy,Of or pertaining to slag; resembling slag; as  slaggy cobalt.
Slaie,A weaver's reed; a sley.
Slaked,of Slake
Slaking,of Slake
Slake,To allay; to quench; to extinguish; as  to slake thirst.
Slakeless,Not capable of being slaked.
Slakin,Slacken.
Slammed,of Slam
Slamming,of Slam
Slam-bang,With great violence; with a slamming or banging noise.
Slamkin,Alt. of Slammerkin
Slammerkin,A slut; a slatternly woman.
Slandered,of Slander
Slandering,of Slander
Slanderer,One who slanders; a defamer; a calumniator.
Slanderous,Given or disposed to slander; uttering slander.
Slang,imp. of Sling. Slung.
Slanged,of Slang
Slanging,of Slang
Slanginess,Quality of being slangy.
Slangous,Slangy.
Slang-whanger,One who uses abusive slang; a ranting partisan.
Slank,imp. & p. p. of Slink.
Slanted,of Slant
Slanting,of Slant
Slantwise,Alt. of Slantly
Slantly,In an inclined direction; obliquely; slopingly.
Slapped,of Slap
Slapping,of Slap
Slapdash,In a bold  careless manner; at random.
Slape,Slippery; smooth; crafty; hypocritical.
Slapeface,A soft-spoken  crafty hypocrite.
Slapper,One who  or that which slaps.
Slashed,of Slash
Slashing,of Slash
Slasher,A machine for applying size to warp yarns.
Slashy,Wet and dirty; slushy.
Slatted,of Slat
Slatting,of Slat
Slatch,The period of a transitory breeze.
Slated,of Slate
Slating,of Slate
Slate-color,A dark bluish gray color.
Slate-gray,Of a dark gray  like slate.
Slater,One who lays slates  or whose occupation is to slate buildings.
Slatt,A slab of stone used as a veneer for coarse masonry.
Slatternly,Resembling a slattern; sluttish; negligent; dirty.
Slatterpouch,A dance or game played by boys  requiring active exercise.
Slaughter,The act of killing.
Slaughtered,of Slaughter
Slaughtering,of Slaughter
Slaughterer,One who slaughters.
Slaughterhouse,A house where beasts are butchered for the market.
Slaughtermen,of Slaughterman
Slaughterman,One employed in slaughtering.
Slaughterous,Destructive; murderous.
Slavs,of Slav
Slave,See Slav.
Slaved,of Slave
Slaving,of Slave
Slaveborn,Born in slavery.
Slaveholder,One who holds slaves.
Slaveholding,Holding persons in slavery.
Slaveocracy,See Slavocracy.
Slaver,A vessel engaged in the slave trade; a slave ship.
Slavered,of Slaver
Slavering,of Slaver
Slaverer,A driveler; an idiot.
Slaveries,of Slavery
Slavey,A maidservant.
Slavic,Slavonic.
Slavism,The common feeling and interest of the Slavonic race.
Slavonian,Alt. of Slavonic
Slavonic,Of or pertaining to Slavonia  or its inhabitants.
Slavophil,Alt. of Slavophile
Slaw,Sliced cabbage served as a salad  cooked or uncooked.
Slawen,p. p. of Slee  to slay.
Slew,of Slay
Slain,of Slay
Slaying,of Slay
Slayer,One who slays; a killer; a murderer; a destrroyer of life.
Slazy,See Sleazy.
Sle,To slay.
Sleave,The knotted or entangled part of silk or thread.
Sleaved,of Sleave
Sleaving,of Sleave
Sleaziness,Quality of being sleazy.
Sledded,of Sled
Sledding,of Sled
Sledged,of Sledge
Sledging,of Sledge
Slee,To slay.
Sleeked,of Sleek
Sleeking,of Sleek
Sleekly,In a sleek manner; smoothly.
Sleeky,Of a sleek  or smooth and glossy appearance.
Sleep,imp. of Sleep. Slept.
Slept,of Sleep
Sleeping,of Sleep
Sleep-charged,Heavy with sleep.
Sleeper,One who sleeps; a slumberer; hence  a drone or lazy person.
Sleepful,Strongly inclined to sleep; very sleepy.
Sleepily,In a sleepy manner; drowsily.
Sleepiness,The quality or state of being sleepy.
Sleepish,Disposed to sleep; sleepy; drowsy.
Sleepless,Having no sleep; wakeful.
Sleepmarken,See 1st Hag  4.
Sleepwaker,On in a state of magnetic or mesmeric sleep.
Sleepwaking,The state of one mesmerized  or in a partial and morbid sleep.
Sleepwalker,One who walks in his sleep; a somnambulist.
Sleepwalking,Walking in one's sleep.
Sleepy,Drowsy; inclined to  or overcome by sleep.
Sleepyhead,A sleepy person.
Sleer,A slayer.
Sleeted,of Sleet
Sleeting,of Sleet
Sleetch,Mud or slime  such as that at the bottom of rivers.
Sleetiness,The state of being sleety.
Sleeve,See Sleave  untwisted thread.
Sleeved,of Sleeve
Sleeving,of Sleeve
Sleevefish,A squid.
Sleevehand,The part of a sleeve nearest the hand; a cuff or wristband.
Sleeveless,Having no sleeves.
Sleided,of Sleid
Sleiding,of Sleid
Sleid,To sley  or prepare for use in the weaver's sley or slaie.
Sleigh,Sly.
Sleighing,The act of riding in a sleigh.
Sleight,Cunning; craft; artful practice.
Sleightful,Cunning; dexterous.
Sleightly,Cinningly.
Sleighty,Cinning; sly.
Slent,See Slant.
Slep,imp. of Sleep. Slept.
Sleuth,The track of man or beast as followed by the scent.
Slewed,Somewhat drunk.
Slewth,Sloth; idleness.
Sley,A weaver's reed.
Slibber,Slippery.
Sliced,of Slice
Slicing,of Slice
Slich,Alt. of Slick
Slick,See Schlich.
Slicken,Sleek; smooth.
Slicker,That which makes smooth or sleek.
Slicking,The act or process of smoothing.
Slickness,The state or quality of being slick; smoothness; sleekness.
Slid,imp. & p. p. of Slide.
Slidden,p. p. of Slide.
Slidder,To slide with interruption.
Slidderly,Alt. of Sliddery
Sliddery,Slippery.
Slidding,of Slide
Slidegroat,The game of shovelboard.
Slider,See Slidder.
Sliding,That slides or slips; gliding; moving smoothly.
Slight,Sleight.
Slighted,of Slight
Slighting,of Slight
Slighten,To slight.
Slighter,One who slights.
Slightful,See Sleightful.
Slightingly,In a slighting manner.
Slightly,In a slight manner.
Slighty,Slight.
Slik,Such.
Silkensides,Same as Slickensides.
Slily,See Slyly.
Slim,Worthless; bad.
Slimed,of Slime
Sliming,of Slime
Slimily,In a slimy manner.
Sliminess,The quality or state of being slimy.
Slimly,In a state of slimness; in a slim manner; slenderly.
Slimness,The quality or state of being slim.
Slimsy,Flimsy; frail.
Sliness,See Slyness.
Slung,of Sling
Slinging,of Sling
Slinger,One who slings  or uses a sling.
Slunk,of Slink
Slinking,of Slink
Slink,To creep away meanly; to steal away; to sneak.
Slinky,Thin; lank.
Slipped,of Slip
Slipping,of Slip
Slipboard,A board sliding in grooves.
Slipcoat cheese,A rich variety of new cheese  resembling butter but white.
Slipes,Sledge runners on which a skip is dragged in a mine.
Slipknot,knot which slips along the rope or line around which it is made.
Slippage,The act of slipping; also  the amount of slipping.
Slipper,One who  or that which slips.
Slippered,Wearing slippers.
Slipperily,In a slippery manner.
Slipperiness,The quality of being slippery.
Slipperness,Slipperiness.
Slipperwort,See Calceolaria.
Slippiness,Slipperiness.
Slippy,Slippery.
Slipshod,Wearing shoes or slippers down at the heel.
Slipshoe,A slipper.
Slipskin,Evasive.
Slipslop,Weak  poor or flat liquor; weak profitless discourse or writing.
Slipstring,One who has shaken off restraint; a prodigal.
Slipthrift,A spendthrift.
Slish,A cut; as  slish and slash.
Slit,3d. pers. sing. pres. of Slide.
Slitted,of Slit
Slitting,of Slit
Slither,To slide; to glide.
Slitter,One who  or that which slits.
Slive,To sneak.
Slivered,of Sliver
Slivering,of Sliver
Sloakan,A species of seaweed. [Spelled also slowcawn.] See 3d Laver.
Sloam,A layer of earth between coal seams.
Slobber,See Slabber.
Slobberer,One who slobbers.
Slobbery,Wet; sloppy  as land.
Slock,Alt. of Slocken
Slocken,To quench; to allay; to slake. See Slake.
Slocking,a. & n. from Slock.
Sloggy,Sluggish.
Sloke,See Sloakan.
Sloo,Alt. of Slue
Slue,A slough; a run or wet place. See 2d Slough  2.
Sloom,Slumber.
Sloomy,Sluggish; slow.
Slopped,of Slop
Slopping,of Slop
Sloped,of Slope
Sloping,of Slope
Slopeness,State of being slope.
Slopewise,Obliquely.
Sloppiness,The quality or state of being sloppy; muddiness.
Slopseller,One who sells slops  or ready-made clothes. See 4th Slop 3.
Slopshop,A shop where slops. or ready-made clothes  are sold.
Slopy,Sloping; inclined.
Slosh,Alt. of Sloshy
Sloshy,See Slush  Slushy.
Slot,A broad  flat wooden bar; a slat or sloat.
Sloth,Slowness; tardiness.
Slothful,Addicted to sloth; inactive; sluggish; lazy; indolent; idle.
Slothhound,See Sleuthhound.
Slotted,Having a slot.
Slotting,The act or process of making slots  or mortises.
Slouched,of Slouch
Slouching,of Slouch
Slouchy,Slouching.
Slough,Slow.
Sloughed,of Slough
Sloughing,of Slough
Sloughy,Full of sloughs  miry.
Slovenliness,The quality or state of being slovenly.
Slovenly,a slovenly manner.
Slovenness,Slovenliness.
Slovenry,Slovenliness.
Slow,imp. of Slee  to slay. Slew.
Slowed,of Slow
Slowing,of Slow
Slowback,A lubber; an idle fellow; a loiterer.
Slowh,imp. of Slee to slay.
Slowhound,A sleuthhound.
Slowness,The quality or state of being slow.
Slows,Milk sickness.
Slow-witted,Dull of apprehension; not possessing quick intelligence.
Slowworm,A lecertilian reptile; the blindworm.
Slubbed,of Slub
Slubbing,of Slub
Slubbered,of Slubber
Slubbering,of Slubber
Slubber,To do lazily  imperfectly or coarsely.
Slubberdegullion,A mean  dirty wretch.
Slubberingly,In a slovenly  or hurried and imperfect manner.
Sludge,Mud; mire; soft mud; slush.
Sludger,A bucket for removing mud from a bored hole; a sand pump.
Sludy,Miry; slushy.
Slued,of Slue
Sluing,of Slue
Slug,A drone; a slow  lazy fellow; a sluggard.
Slugged,of Slug
Slugging,of Slug
Slugabed,One who indulges in lying abed; a sluggard.
Sluggard,A person habitually lazy  idle and inactive; a drone.
Sluggardize,To make lazy.
Sluggardy,The state of being a sluggard; sluggishness; sloth.
Slugger,One who strikes heavy blows; hence  a boxer; a prize fighter.
Sluggy,Sluggish.
Slugs,Half-roasted ore.
Sluiced,of Sluice
Sluicing,of Sluice
Sluicy,Falling copiously or in streams  as from a sluice.
Slumbered,of Slumber
Slumbering,of Slumber
Slumber,To sleep; especially  to sleep lightly; to doze.
Slumberer,One who slumbers; a sleeper.
Slumberingly,In a slumbering manner.
Slumberless,Without slumber; sleepless.
Slumberous,Inviting slumber; soporiferous.
Slumbery,Sleepy.
Slumbrous,Slumberous.
Slumming,Visiting slums.
Slump,The gross amount; the mass; the lump.
Slumped,of Slump
Slumping,of Slump
Slumpy,Easily broken through; boggy; marshy; swampy.
Slurred,of Slur
Slurring,of Slur
Slur,To soil; to sully; to contaminate; to disgrace.
Slush,Soft mud.
Slushed,of Slush
Slushing,of Slush
Slut,An untidy woman; a slattern.
Slutch,Slush.
Slutchy,Slushy.
Sluthhound,Sleuthhound.
Slyboots,A humerous appellation for a sly  cunning or waggish person.
Slyly,In a sly manner; shrewdly; craftily.
Slyness,The quality or state of being sly.
Smacked,of Smack
Smacking,of Smack
Smallclothes,A man's garment for the hips and thighs; breeches. See Breeches.
Smallish,Somewhat small.
Smallness,The quality or state of being small.
Smalls,See Small  n. 2 3.
Smally,In a small quantity or degree; with minuteness.
Smalt-blue,Deep blue  like smalt.
Smaltine,Alt. of Smaltite
Smaragd,The emerald.
Smarted,of Smart
Smarting,of Smart
Smarten,To make smart or spruce; -- usually with up.
Smartle,To waste away.
Smartly,In a smart manner.
Smartness,The quality or state of being smart.
Smashed,of Smash
Smashing,of Smash
Smash,To break in pieces by violence; to dash to pieces; to crush.
Smasher,One who  or that which smashes or breaks things to pieces.
Smatch,Taste; tincture; smack.
Smatter,To talk superficially or ignorantly; to babble; to chatter.
Smatterer,One who has only a slight  superficial knowledge; a sciolist.
Smattering,A slight  superficial knowledge of something; sciolism.
Smeared,of Smear
Smearing,of Smear
Smear dab,The sand fluke (b).
Smeary,Tending to smear or soil; adhesive; viscous.
Smeath,The smew.
Smee,The pintail duck.
Smeeth,To smoke; to blacken with smoke; to rub with soot.
Smegma,The matter secreted by any of the sebaceous glands.
Smegmatic,Being of the nature of soap; soapy; cleansing; detersive.
Smelled,of Smell
Smelt,of Smell
Smelling,of Smell
Smell-less,Destitute of smell; having no odor.
Smelted,of Smelt
Smelting,of Smelt
Smelter,One who  or that which smelts.
Smeltery,A house or place for smelting.
Smeltie,A fish  the bib.
Smerk,See Smirk.
Smerky,Smart; jaunty; spruce. See Smirk  a.
Smerlin,A small loach.
Smicker,To look amorously or wantonly; to smirk.
Smickering,Amorous glance or inclination.
Smicket,A woman's under-garment; a smock.
Smickly,Smugly; finically.
Smiddy,A smithy.
Smift,A match for firing a charge of powder  as in blasting; a fuse.
Smight,To smite.
Smilacin,See Parrilin.
Smiled,of Smile
Smiling,of Smile
Smileless,Not having a smile.
Smiler,One who smiles.
Smilet,A little smile.
Smilingly,In a smiling manner.
Smilingness,Quality or state of being smiling.
Smilodon,An extinct genus of saber-toothed tigers. See Mach/rodus.
Smilt,To melt.
Smirked,of Smirk
Smirking,of Smirk
Smirkingly,With smirking; with a smirk.
Smirky,Smirk; smirking.
Smit,imp. & p. p. of Smite.
Smote,of Smite
Smitten,of Smite
Smiting,of Smite
Smiter,One who smites.
Smithcraft,The art or occupation of a smith; smithing.
Smither,Light  fine rain.
Smithereens,Fragments; atoms; smithers.
Smithery,The workshop of a smith; a smithy or stithy.
Smitt,Fine clay or ocher made up into balls  used for marking sheep.
Smittle,To infect.
Smittlish,Infectious; catching.
Smock,A woman's under-garment; a shift; a chemise.
Smockless,Wanting a smock.
Smoked,of Smoke
Smoking,of Smoke
Smoke-dry,To dry by or in smoke.
Smokeless,Making or having no smoke.
Smoker,One who dries or preserves by smoke.
Smokily,In a smoky manner.
Smokiness,The quality or state of being smoky.
Smoldered,of Smoulder
Smouldered,of Smoulder
Smoldering,of Smoulder
Smouldering,of Smoulder
Smolder,Alt. of Smoulder
Smolderingness,Alt. of Smoulderingness
Smoulderingness,The state of smoldering.
Smoldry,Alt. of Smouldry
Smouldry,Smoldering; suffocating; smothery.
Smooch,See Smutch.
Smoor,To suffocate or smother.
Smoothed,of Smooth
Smoothing,of Smooth
Smooth-chinned,Having a smooth chin; beardless.
Smoothen,To make smooth.
Smoother,One who  or that which smooths.
Smoothly,In a smooth manner.
Smoothness,Quality or state of being smooth.
Smooth-spoken,Speaking smoothly; plausible; flattering; smooth-tongued.
Smooth-tongued,Having a smooth tongue; plausible; flattering.
Smore,To smother. See Smoor.
Smorzando,Alt. of Smorsato
Smorsato,Growing gradually fainter and softer; dying away; morendo.
Smoterlich,Dirty; foul.
Smothered,of Smother
Smothering,of Smother
Smotheriness,The quality or state of being smothery.
Smotheringly,In a smothering manner.
Smothery,Tending to smother; stifling.
Smouch,To kiss closely.
Smudge,A suffocating smoke.
Smudged,of Smudge
Smudging,of Smudge
Smudginess,The quality or state of being smudged  soiled or blurred.
Smugged,of Smug
Smugging,of Smug
Smuggled,of Smuggle
Smuggling,of Smuggle
Smuggler,One who smuggles.
Smugly,In a smug manner.
Smugness,The quality or state of being smug.
Smutted,of Smut
Smutting,of Smut
Smutch,A stain; a dirty spot.
Smutched,of Smutch
Smutching,of Smutch
Smutchin,Snuff.
Smutty,Soiled with smut; smutted.
Smyrniot,Of or pertaining to Smyrna.
Snacket,See Snecket.
Snacot,A pipefish of the genus Syngnathus. See Pipefish.
Snaffled,of Snaffle
Snaffling,of Snaffle
Snagged,of Snag
Snagging,of Snag
Snailfish,See Sea snail (a).
Snail-like,Like or suiting a snail; as  snail-like progress.
Snail-paced,Slow-moving  like a snail.
Snaked,of Snake
Snaking,of Snake
Snakefish,The band fish.
Snakeneck,The snakebird  1.
Snakestone,A kind of hone slate or whetstone obtained in Scotland.
Snake's-tongue,Same as Adder's-tongue.
Snakeweed,A kind of knotweed (Polygonum Bistorta).
Snakish,Having the qualities or characteristics of a snake; snaky.
Snapped,of Snap
Snapping,of Snap
Snape,To bevel the end of a timber to fit against an inclined surface.
Snappy,Snappish.
Snapsack,A knapsack.
Snapweed,See Impatiens.
Snar,To snarl.
Snared,of Snare
Snaring,of Snare
Snarer,One who lays snares  or entraps.
Snarled,of Snarl
Snarling,of Snarl
Snary,Resembling  or consisting of snares; entangling; insidious.
Snast,The snuff  or burnt wick of a candle.
Snatched,of Snatch
Snatching,of Snatch
Snatcher,One who snatches  or takes abruptly.
Snatchingly,By snatching; abruptly.
Snathe,To lop; to prune.
Snattock,A chip; a alice.
Snaw,Snow.
Snead,A snath.
Sneaked,of Sneak
Sneaking,of Sneak
Sneak-cup,One who sneaks from his cups; one who balks his glass.
Sneaker,One who sneaks.
Sneakiness,The quality of being sneaky.
Sneaksby,A paltry fellow; a sneak.
Sneaky,Like a sneak; sneaking.
Sneap,To check; to reprimand; to rebuke; to chide.
Sneath,Alt. of Sneathe
Sneathe,See Snath.
Sneb,To reprimand; to sneap.
Sneck,To fasten by a hatch; to latch  as a door.
Snecket,A door latch  or sneck.
Sned,To lop; to snathe.
Sneed,See Snath.
Sneered,of Sneer
Sneering,of Sneer
Sneerer,One who sneers.
Sneerful,Given to sneering.
Sneeringly,In a sneering manner.
Sneezed,of Sneeze
Sneezing,of Sneeze
Sneezewood,The wood of a South African tree. See Neishout.
Snell,Active; brisk; nimble; quick; sharp.
Snet,The fat of a deer.
Snew,To snow; to abound.
Snib,To check; to sneap; to sneb.
Snick,A small cut or mark.
Snicked,of Snick
Snicking,of Snick
Snickered,of Snicker
Snickering,of Snicker
Snicker,To laugh slyly; to laugh in one's sleeve.
Sniffed,of Sniff
Snift,of Sniff
Sniffing,of Sniff
Sniffle,To snuffle  as one does with a catarrh.
Snifted,of Snift
Snifting,of Snift
Snig,To chop off; to cut.
Snigg,A small eel.
Sniggger,See Snicker.
Snigger,See Snicker.
Sniggled,of Sniggle
Sniggling,of Sniggle
Snipped,of Snip
Snipping,of Snip
Snipebill,A plane for cutting deep grooves in moldings.
Snipefish,The bellows fish.
Snippack,The common snipe.
Snipper,One who snips.
Snipper-snaper,A small  insignificant fellow.
Snippet,A small part or piece.
Snippety,Ridiculously small; petty.
Snip-snap,A tart dialogue with quick replies.
Snypy,Like a snipe.
Snite,A snipe.
Snithe,Alt. of Snithy
Snithy,Sharp; piercing; cutting; -- applied to the wind.
Sniveled,of Snivel
Snivelled,of Snivel
Sniveling,of Snivel
Snivelling,of Snivel
Snivel,To run at the nose; to make a snuffling noise.
Sniveler,One who snivels  esp. one who snivels habitually.
Snively,Running at the nose; sniveling pitiful; whining.
Snobbery,The quality of being snobbish; snobbishness.
Snobbism,Snobbery.
Snobby,Snobbish.
Snobling,A little snob.
Snobocracy,Snobs  collectively.
Snod,A fillet; a headband; a snood.
Snoff,A short candle end used for igniting a fuse.
Snooded,Wearing or having a snood.
Snook,To lurk; to lie in ambush.
Snooze,A short sleep; a nap.
Snoozed,of Snooze
Snoozing,of Snooze
Snored,of Snore
Snoring,of Snore
Snore,To breathe with a rough  hoarse nasal voice in sleep.
Snorer,One who snores.
Snorted,of Snort
Snorting,of Snort
Snorter,One who snorts.
Snot,Mucus secreted in  or discharged from the nose.
Snotter,To snivel; to cry or whine.
Snottery,Filth; abomination.
Snotty,Foul with snot; hence  mean; dirty.
Snout,The long  projecting nose of a beast as of swine.
Snouty,Resembling a beast's snout.
Snowed,of Snow
Snowing,of Snow
Snowballed,of Snowball
Snowballing,of Snowball
Snow-blind,Affected with blindness by the brilliancy of snow.
Snow-bound,Enveloped in  or confined by snow.
Snow-broth,Snow and water mixed  or snow just melted; very cold liquor.
Snowdrift,A bank of drifted snow.
Snowflake,A flake  or small filmy mass of snow.
Snowfleck,See Snowbird  1.
Snowl,The hooded merganser.
Snowless,Destitute of snow.
Snowplow,Alt. of Snowplough
Snowshoer,One who travels on snowshoes; an expert in using snowshoes.
Snowshoeing,Traveling on snowshoes.
Snowstorm,A storm with falling snow.
Snow-white,White as snow; very white.
Snowy,White like snow.
Snub,To sob with convulsions.
Snubbed,of Snub
Snubbing,of Snub
Snudge,To lie snug or quiet.
Snuffed,of Snuff
Snuffing,of Snuff
Snuffbox,A small box for carrying snuff about the person.
Snuffer,One who snuffs.
Snuffers,An instrument for cropping and holding the snuff of a candle.
Snuffingly,In a snuffing manner.
Snuffled,of Snuffle
Snuffling,of Snuffle
Snuffler,One who snuffles; one who uses cant.
Snuffy,Soiled with snuff.
Snug,Close and warm; as  an infant lies snug.
Snugged,of Snug
Snugging,of Snug
Snuggeries,of Snuggery
Snuggery,A snug  cozy place.
Snuggled,of Snuggle
Snuggling,of Snuggle
Snugly,In a snug manner; closely; safely.
Snugness,The quality or state of being snug.
Sny,An upward bend in a piece of timber; the sheer of a vessel.
Snying,A curved plank  placed edgewise to work in the bows of a vessel.
Soaked,of Soak
Soaking,of Soak
Soaker,One who  or that which soaks.
Soaky,Full of moisture; wet; soppy.
Soal,The sole of a shoe.
Soam,A chain by which a leading horse draws a plow.
Soaped,of Soap
Soaping,of Soap
Soapiness,Quality or state of being soapy.
Soapstone,See Steatite  and Talc.
Soapsuds,Suds made with soap.
Soared,of Soar
Soaring,of Soar
Soave,Sweet.
Soavemente,Sweetly.
Sob,To soak.
Sobbed,of Sob
Sobbing,of Sob
Sobered,of Sober
Sobering,of Sober
Soberize,To sober.
Sober-minded,Having a disposition or temper habitually sober.
Soberness,The quality or state of being sober.
Soboliferous,Producing soboles. See Illust. of Houseleek.
Sobriquet,An assumed name; a fanciful epithet or appellation; a nickname.
Socager,A tennant by socage; a socman.
Sociability,The quality of being sociable; sociableness.
Sociableness,The quality of being sociable.
Sociably,In a sociable manner.
Socialist,One who advocates or practices the doctrines of socialism.
Socialistic,Pertaining to  or of the nature of socialism.
Sociality,The quality of being social; socialness.
Socialize,To render social.
Socially,In a social manner; sociably.
Socialness,The quality or state of being social.
Sociate,Associated.
Societarian,Of or pertaining to society; social.
Societary,Societarian.
Societies,of Society
Socinian,Of or pertaining to Socinus  or the Socinians.
Socinianized,of Socinianize
Socinianizing,of Socinianize
Sociologic,Alt. of Sociological
Sociological,Of or pertaining to sociology  or social science.
Sociologist,One who treats of  or devotes himself to the study of sociology.
Sock,A plowshare.
Socketed,Having a socket.
Sockless,Destitute of socks or shoes.
Socky,Wet; soaky.
Socmen,of Socman
Socman,One who holds lands or tenements by socage; a socager.
Socmanry,Tenure by socage.
Socome,A custom of tenants to grind corn at the lord's mill.
Socratic,Alt. of Socratical
Socratically,In the Socratic method.
Socratism,The philosophy or the method of Socrates.
Socratist,A disciple or follower of Socrates.
Sodding,of Sod
Soda,Sodium oxide or hydroxide.
Sodaic,Pertaining to  or containing soda.
Sodalities,of Sodality
Sodality,A fellowship or fraternity; a brotherhood.
Sodden-witted,Heavy; dull.
Soddy,Consisting of sod; covered with sod; turfy.
Soder,See Solder.
Sodic,Of or pertaining to sodium; containing sodium.
Sodomite,An inhabitant of Sodom.
Sodomitical,Pertaining to  or of the nature of sodomy.
Sodomy,Carnal copulation in a manner against nature; buggery.
Soe,A large wooden vessel for holding water; a cowl.
Sofas,of Sofa
Sofis,of Sofi
Sofi,Same as Sufi.
Sofism,Same as Sufism.
Softened,of Soften
Softening,of Soften
Soften,To make soft or more soft.
Softener,One who  or that which softens.
Soft-headed,Weak in intellect.
Softish,Somewhat soft.
Softling,A soft  effeminate person; a voluptuary.
Softly,In a soft manner.
Softner,See Softener.
Soft-shell,Alt. of Soft-shelled
Soft-shelled,Having a soft or fragile shell.
Sogginess,The quality or state of being soggy; soddenness; wetness.
Soi-disant,Calling himself; self-styled; pretended; would-be.
Soiled,of Soil
Soiling,of Soil
Soiliness,Stain; foulness.
Soilless,Destitute of soil or mold.
Soilure,Stain; pollution.
Soily,Dirty; soiled.
Soiree,An evening party; -- distinguished from levee  and matinee.
Sojourned,of Sojourn
Sojourning,of Sojourn
Sojourner,One who sojourns.
Sojournment,Temporary residence  as that of a stranger or a traveler.
Soke,See Soc.
Sokeman,See Socman.
Sokemanry,See Socmanry.
Soken,A toll. See Soc  n. 2.
Sol,The sun.
Sola,See Solus.
Solaced,of Solace
Solacing,of Solace
Solacious,Affording solace; as  a solacious voice.
Soland,A solan goose.
Solander,See Sallenders.
Solan goose,The common gannet.
Solania,Solanine.
Solanoid,Resembling a potato; -- said of a kind of cancer.
Solar,A loft or upper chamber; a garret room.
Solaria,of Solarium
Solarized,of Solarize
Solarizing,of Solarize
Solary,Solar.
Solas,Solace.
Soldan,A sultan.
Soldanrie,The country ruled by a soldan  or sultan.
Soldered,of Solder
Soldering,of Solder
Solderer,One who solders.
Soldieress,A female soldier.
Soldierlike,Like a soldier; soldierly.
Soldiery,A body of soldiers; soldiers  collectivelly; the military.
Soldi,of Soldo
Soled,of Sole
Soling,of Sole
Solecist,One who commits a solecism.
Solecistic,Solecistical.
Solecistical,Pertaining to  or involving a solecism; incorrect.
Solecistically,In a solecistic manner.
Solecize,To commit a solecism.
Solemness,Solemnness.
Solemnities,of Solemnity
Solemnizate,To solemnize; as  to solemnizate matrimony.
Solemnized,of Solemnize
Solemnizing,of Solemnize
Solemnizer,One who solemnizes.
Solemnly,In a solemn manner; with gravity; seriously; formally.
Solempne,Solemn; grand; stately; splendid; magnificent.
Solen,A cradle  as for a broken limb. See Cradle 6.
Solenaceous,Of or pertaining to the solens or family Solenidae.
Soleness,The state of being sole  or alone; singleness.
Solenette,A small European sole (Solea minuta).
Solenoconcha,Same as Scaphopoda.
Solenoglyph,Pertaining to the Selenoglypha. See Ophidia.
Soleplate,A bedplate; as  the soleplate of a steam engine.
Soler,Alt. of Solere
Solere,A loft or garret. See Solar  n.
Solert,Skillful; clever; crafty.
Solertiousness,The quality or state of being solert.
Soleship,The state of being sole  or alone; soleness.
Sol-faed,of Sol-fa
Sol-faing,of Sol-fa
Solfanaria,A sulphur mine.
Solfeggiare,To sol-fa. See Sol-fa  v. i.
Soli,pl. of Solo.
Solicited,of Solicit
Soliciting,of Solicit
Solicitant,One who solicits.
Solicitate,Solicitous.
Solicitor,One who solicits.
Solicitress,A woman who solicits.
Solidare,A small piece of money.
Solidary,Having community of interests and responsibilities.
Solidate,To make solid or firm.
Solidifiable,Capable of being solidified.
Solidification,Act of solidifying  or state of being solidified.
Solidified,of Solidify
Solidifying,of Solidify
Solidify,To make solid or compact.
Solidist,An advocate of  or believer in solidism.
Solidly,In a solid manner; densely; compactly; firmly; truly.
Solidungular,Solipedous.
Solidungulate,Same as Soliped.
Solidungulous,Solipedous.
Solifidianism,The state of Solifidians.
Soliform,Like the sun in form  appearance or nature; resembling the sun.
Soliloquized,of Soliloquize
Soliloquizing,of Soliloquize
Soliloquize,To utter a soliloquy; to talk to one's self.
Soliloquies,of Soliloquy
Solipedous,Having single hoofs.
Solipsism,Egotism.
Solisequious,Following the course of the sun; as  solisequious plants.
Solitaire,A person who lives in solitude; a recluse; a hermit.
Solitarian,A hermit; a solitary.
Soliitariety,The state of being solitary; solitariness.
Solitarily,In a solitary manner; in solitude; alone.
Solitariness,Condition of being solitary.
Solivagant,Wandering alone.
Solivagous,Solivagant.
Sollar,See Solar  n.
Sollein,Sullen; sad.
Solmization,The act of sol-faing.
Solos,of Solo
Soloist,One who sings or plays a solo.
Solpugid,Of or pertaining to the Solifugae.
Solpugidea,Same as Solifugae.
Solstice,A stopping or standing still of the sun.
Solstitial,Of or pertaining to a solstice.
Solubleness,Quality or state of being soluble.
Solus,Alt. of Sola
Solute,Loose; free; liberal; as  a solute interpretation.
Solutive,Tending to dissolve; loosening; laxative.
Solvableness,Quality of being solvable.
Solved,of Solve
Solving,of Solve
Solvency,The quality or state of being solvent.
Solvend,A substance to be dissolved.
Solvent,Having the power of dissolving; dissolving; as  a solvent fluid.
Solver,One who  or that which solves.
Solvible,See Solvable.
Soly,Solely.
Somaj,Alt. of Samaj
Somali,Alt. of Somal
Somal,A Hamitic people of East Central Africa.
Somatical,Somatic.
Somatome,See Somite.
Somatopleuric,Of or pertaining to the somatopleure.
Somber,Alt. of Sombre
Somberly,Alt. of Sombrely
Sombrely,In a somber manner; sombrously; gloomily; despondingly.
Somberness,Alt. of Sombreness
Sombreness,The quality or state of being somber; gloominess.
Sombrous,Gloomy; somber.
Somedeal,In some degree; somewhat.
Somersault,Alt. of Somerset
Sometime,At a past time indefinitely referred to; once; formerly.
Sometimes,Formerly; sometime.
Somewhen,At some indefinite time.
Somewhere,In some place unknown or not specified; in one place or another.
Somewhile,Once; for a time.
Somewhither,To some indeterminate place; to some place or other.
Sommeil,Slumber; sleep.
Sommerset,See Somersault.
Somnambular,Of or pertaining to somnambulism; somnambulistic.
Somnambulate,To walk when /sleep.
Somnambulation,The act of walking in sleep.
Somnambulator,A somnambulist.
Somnambule,A somnambulist.
Somnambulic,Somnambulistic.
Somne,To summon.
Somner,A summoner; esp.  one who summons to an ecclesiastical court.
Somnial,Of or pertaining to sleep or dreams.
Somniative,Somnial; somniatory.
Somniatory,Pertaining to sleep or dreams; somnial.
Somniculous,Inclined to sleep; drowsy; sleepy.
Somnific,Causing sleep; somniferous.
Somnifugous,Driving away sleep.
Somniloquence,The act of talking in one's sleep; somniloquism.
Somniloquism,The act or habit of talking in one's sleep; somniloquy.
Somniloquist,One who talks in his sleep.
Somniloquous,Apt to talk in sleep.
Somniloquy,A talking in sleep; the talking of one in a state of somnipathy.
Somnipathist,A person in a state of somniapathy.
Somnipathy,Sleep from sympathy  or produced by mesmerism or the like.
Somnolence,Alt. of Somnolency
Somnolency,Sleepiness; drowsiness; inclination to sleep.
Somnolent,Sleepy; drowsy; inclined to sleep.
Somnolism,The somnolent state induced by animal magnetism.
Somnopathy,Somnipathy.
Somnour,A summoner; an apparitor; a sompnour.
Somonaunce,Alt. of Somonce
Somonce,A summons; a citation.
Sommonour,A summoner.
Sompne,To summon; to cite.
Sompnour,A summoner.
Sonance,A sound; a tune; as  to sound the tucket sonance.
Sonant,Of or pertaining to sound; sounding.
Sonatina,A short and simple sonata.
Soncy,Alt. of Sonsy
Sonsy,Lucky; fortunate; thriving; plump.
Sond,Alt. of Sonde
Sondeli,The musk shrew. See under Musk.
Songful,Disposed to sing; full of song.
Songish,Consisting of songs.
Songstress,A woman who sings; a female singing bird.
Sonifer,A kind of ear trumpet for the deaf  or the partially deaf.
Soniferous,Sounding; producing sound; conveying sound.
Sonification,The act of producing sound  as the stridulation of insects.
Sons-in-law,of Son-in-law
Sonless,Being without a son.
Sonnet,A short poem  -- usually amatory.
Sonneter,A composer of sonnets.
Sonnetist,A sonneter  or sonneteer.
Sonnetize,To compose sonnets.
Sonnish,Like the sun; sunny; golden.
Sonnite,See Sunnite.
Sonorific,Producing sound; as  the sonorific quality of a body.
Sonority,The quality or state of being sonorous; sonorousness.
Sonorous,Giving sound when struck; resonant; as  sonorous metals.
Soochong,Same as Souchong.
Soodra,Same as Sudra.
Soofee,Alt. of Soofeeism
Soofeeism,Same as Sufi  Sufism.
Soojee,Same as Suji.
Soonee,See Sunnite.
Soonly,Soon.
Soord,Skin of bacon.
Sooshong,See Souchong.
Sooted,of Soot
Sooting,of Soot
Soote,Sweet.
Sooth,True; faithful; trustworthy.
Soothed,of Soothe
Soothing,of Soothe
Soothe,To assent to as true.
Soother,One who  or that which soothes.
Soothingly,In a soothing manner.
Soothly,In truth; truly; really; verily.
Soothness,Truth; reality.
Soothsay,To foretell; to predict.
Soothsaying,A true saying; truth.
Sootiness,The quality or state of being sooty; fuliginousness.
Sootish,Sooty.
Sooty,Of or pertaining to soot; producing soot; soiled by soot.
Sopped,of Sop
Sopping,of Sop
Sope,See Soap.
Soph,A contraction of Soph ister.
Sophis,of Sophi
Sophi,See Sufi.
Sophic,Alt. of Sophical
Sophical,Teaching wisdom.
Sophime,Sophism.
Sophister,A sophist. See Sophist.
Sophistic,Alt. of Sophistical
Sophisticated,of Sophisticate
Sophisticating,of Sophisticate
Sophisticator,One who sophisticates.
Sophistry,The art or process of reasoning; logic.
Sophomoric,Alt. of Sophomorical
Sophora,A genus of leguminous plants.
Sophta,See Softa.
Sopite,To lay asleep; to put to sleep; to quiet.
Soporate,To lay or put to sleep; to stupefy.
Soporiferous,Causing sleep; somniferous; soporific.
Soporose,Alt. of Soporous
Soporous,Causing sleep; sleepy.
Sopper,One who sops.
Soppy,Soaked or saturated with liquid or moisture; very wet or sloppy.
Sopra,Above; before; over; upon.
Sopranist,A treble singer.
Sopranos,of Soprano
Soprani,of Soprano
Sopsavine,See Sops of wine  under Sop.
Sorance,Soreness.
Sorbate,A salt of sorbic acid.
Sorbefacient,Producing absorption.
Sorbent,An absorbent.
Sorbet,A kind of beverage; sherbet.
Sorbile,Fit to be drunk or sipped.
Sorbition,The act of drinking or sipping.
Sorbonical,Belonging to the Sorbonne or to a Sorbonist.
Sorcerer,A conjurer; an enchanter; a magician.
Sorceress,A female sorcerer.
Sorcering,Act or practice of using sorcery.
Sorcerous,Of or pertaining to sorcery.
Sorceries,of Sorcery
Sord,See Sward.
Sordet,A sordine.
Sordid,Filthy; foul; dirty.
Sordidly,Sordidness.
Sordidness,The quality or state of being sordid.
Sordine,See Damper  and 5th Mute.
Sore,Reddish brown; sorrel.
Soredia,pl. of Soredium.
Sorediate,Sorediiferous.
Sordiferous,Alt. of Sorediiferous
Sorediiferous,Bearing soredia; sorediate.
Soree,Same as Sora.
Sorehead,One who is disgruntled by a failure in politics  or the like.
Sorel,A young buck in the third year. See the Note under Buck.
Sorema,A heap of carpels belonging to one flower.
Sorex,A genus of small Insectivora  including the common shrews.
Sorgne,The three-beared rocking  or whistlefish.
Sorgo,Indian millet and its varieties. See Sorghum.
Sori,pl. of Sorus.
Soritical,Of or pertaining to a sorites; resembling a sorites.
Sorn,To obtrude one's self on another for bed and board.
Sorner,One who obtrudes himself on another for bed and board.
Sororal,Relating to a sister; sisterly.
Sorosis,A woman's club; an association of women.
Sorrage,The blades of green or barley.
Sorrance,Same as Sorance.
Sorrel,Of a yellowish or redish brown color; as  a sorrel horse.
Sorrily,In a sorry manner; poorly.
Sorriness,The quality or state of being sorry.
Sorrowed,of Sorrow
Sorrowing,of Sorrow
Sorrowful,Full of sorrow; exhibiting sorrow; sad; dejected; distressed.
Sorrowless,Free from sorrow.
Sortes,of Sors
Sors,A lot; also  a kind of divination by means of lots.
Sort,Chance; lot; destiny.
Sorted,of Sort
Sorting,of Sort
Sortable,Capable of being sorted.
Sortably,Suitable.
Sortal,Pertaining to a sort.
Sortance,Suitableness; agreement.
Sorter,One who  or that which sorts.
Sortilege,The act or practice of drawing lots; divination by drawing lots.
Sortilegious,Pertaining to sortilege.
Sortilegy,Sortilege.
Sortition,Selection or appointment by lot.
Sortment,Assortiment.
Sorwe,Sorrow.
Sorweful,Sorrowful.
Sory,Green vitriol  or some earth imregnated with it.
Soss,To fall at once into a chair or seat; to sit lazily.
Sot,A stupid person; a blockhead; a dull fellow; a dolt.
Sotadean,Sotadic.
Sote,Sweet.
Sotel,Alt. of Sotil
Sotil,Subtile.
Sothe,Sooth.
Sothiac,Alt. of Sothic
Sotilte,Subtlety.
Sotted,a. & p. p. of Sot. Befooled; deluded; besotted.
Sottery,Folly.
Sottish,Like a sot; doltish; very foolish; drunken.
Sotto voce,With a restrained voice or moderate force; in an undertone.
Sous,of Sou
Soubah,See Subah.
Soubahdar,See Subahdar.
Soubriquet,See Sobriquet.
Souce,See 1st Souse.
Souchong,A kind of black tea of a fine quality.
Soudan,A sultan.
Souded,Alt. of Soudet
Soudet,United; consolidated; made firm; strengthened.
Sough,A sow.
Souke,To suck.
Soul,Sole.
Soullessly,In a soulless manner.
Soun,Sound.
Sounded,of Sound
Sounding,of Sound
Soundable,Capable of being sounded.
Soundage,Dues for soundings.
Sound-board,A sounding-board.
Soundless,Not capable of being sounded or fathomed; unfathomable.
Soundly,In a sound manner.
Soune,To sound.
Sounst,Soused. See Souse.
Souple,That part of a flail which strikes the grain.
Soupy,Resembling soup; souplike.
Soured,of Sour
Souring,of Sour
Source,The act of rising; a rise; an ascent.
Sourcrout,See Sauerkraut.
Sourde,To have origin or source; to rise; to spring.
Sourkrout,Same as Sauerkraut.
Sourly,In a sour manner; with sourness.
Sourness,The quality or state of being sour.
Sours,Source. See Source.
Sourwood,The sorrel tree.
Souse,A corrupt form of Sou.
Soused,of Souse
Sousing,of Souse
Souslik,See Suslik.
Sout,Soot.
Soutage,That in which anything is packed; bagging  as for hops.
Souter,A shoemaker; a cobbler.
Souterrain,A grotto or cavern under ground.
Southed,of South
Southing,of South
Southeaster,A storm  strong wind or gale coming from the southeast.
Southeastern,Of or pertaining to the southeast; southeasterly.
Southeastward,Alt. of Southeastwardly
Southeastwardly,Toward the southeast.
Souther,A strong wind  gale or storm from the south.
Southerly,Southern.
Southernliness,Southerliness.
Southernly,Somewhat southern.
Southernmost,Farthest south.
Southly,Southerly.
Southmost,Farthest toward the south; southernmost.
Southren,Southern.
Southsay,See Soothsay.
Southsayer,See Soothsayer.
Southward,Alt. of Southwards
Southwardly,In a southern direction.
Southwester,A storm  gale or strong wind from the southwest.
Southwestward,Alt. of Southwestwardly
Southwestwardly,Toward the southwest.
Souvenance,Alt. of Sovenaunce
Sovenaunce,Remembrance.
Sovereignize,To exercise supreme authority.
Sovereignly,In a sovereign manner; in the highest degree; supremely.
Sovereignties,of Sovereignty
Sovran,A variant of Sovereign.
Sow,To sew. See Sew.
Sowed,of Sow
Sown,of Sow
Sowing,of Sow
Sowans,See Sowens.
Sowar,In India  a mounted soldier.
Sowce,See Souse.
Sowdan,Sultan.
Sowdanesse,A sultaness.
Sower,One who  or that which sows.
Sowins,See Sowens.
Sowl,Alt. of Sowle
Sowle,To pull by the ears; to drag about.
Sowne,To sound.
Sowse,See Souse.
Sowter,See Souter.
Soyle,To solve  to clear up; as to soyl all other texts.
Soyned,Filled with care; anxious.
Sozzle,To splash or wet carelessly; as  to sozzle the feet in water.
Spaad,A kind of spar; earth flax  or amianthus.
Spaced,of Space
Spacong,of Space
Spaceful,Wide; extensive.
Spaceless,Without space.
Spacial,See Spatial.
Spacially,See Spatially.
Spacious,Extending far and wide; vast in extent.
Spadassin,A bravo; a bully; a duelist.
Spaddle,A little spade.
Spade,A hart or stag three years old.
Spaded,of Spade
Spading,of Spade
Spadebone,Shoulder blade.
Spadefuls,of Spadeful
Spadeful,As much as a spade will hold or lift.
Spader,One who  or that which spades; specifically a digging machine.
Spadiceous,Of a bright clear brown or chestnut color.
Spadicose,Spadiceous.
Spadille,The ace of spades in omber and quadrille.
Spadices,of Spadix
Spadixes,of Spadix
Spadones,of Spado
Spado,Same as Spade  2.
Spaed,of Spae
Spaeing,of Spae
Spae,To foretell; to divine.
Spaeman,A prophet; a diviner.
Spaewife,A female fortune teller.
Spaghetti,A variety or macaroni made in tubes of small diameter.
Spagyric,Alt. of Spagyrical
Spagyrical,Chemical; alchemical.
Spagyrist,A chemist  esp. one devoted to alchemistic pursuits.
Spahi,Alt. of Spahee
Spahee,Formerly  one of the Turkish cavalry.
Spaid,See 1st Spade.
Spake,imp. of Speak.
Spakenet,A net for catching crabs.
Spaky,Specky.
Spalding knife,A spalting knife.
Spale,A lath; a shaving or chip  as of wood or stone.
Spall,The shoulder.
Spalt,Spelter.
Spalting knife,A knife used in splitting codfish.
Span,imp. & p. p. of Spin.
Spanned,of Span
Spanning,of Span
Spanaemic,Of or pertaining to spanaemia; having impoverished blood.
Spancel,A rope used for tying or hobbling the legs of a horse or cow.
Spanceled,of Spancel
Spancelled,of Spancel
Spanceling,of Spancel
Spancelling,of Spancel
Spandogs,A pair of grappling dogs for hoisting logs and timber.
Spane,To wean.
Spang,To spangle.
Spangled,of Spangle
Spangling,of Spangle
Spangler,One who  or that which spangles.
Spaniard,A native or inhabitant of Spain.
Spanish,Of or pertaining to Spain or the Spaniards.
Spanked,of Spank
Spanking,of Spank
Spank,To strike  as the breech with the open hand; to slap.
Spanker,One who spanks  or anything used as an instrument for spanking.
Spanking breeze,a strong breeze.
Spanless,Incapable of being spanned.
Spanner,One who  or that which spans.
Span-new,Quite new; brand-new; fire-new.
Spannishing,The full blooming of a flower.
Spanpiece,The collar of a roof; sparpiece.
Sparred,of Spar
Sparring,of Spar
Sparable,A kind of small nail used by shoemakers.
Sparadrap,A cerecloth.
Sparage,Alt. of Sparagrass
Sparagus,Alt. of Sparagrass
Sparagrass,Obs. or corrupt forms of Asparagus.
Sparble,To scatter; to disperse; to rout.
Spared,of Spare
Sparing,of Spare
Spareful,Sparing; chary.
Sparely,In a spare manner; sparingly.
Spareless,Unsparing.
Spareness,The quality or state of being lean or thin; leanness.
Sparer,One who spares.
Sparerib,A piece of pork  consisting or ribs with little flesh on them.
Sparge,To sprinkle; to moisten by sprinkling; as  to sparge paper.
Spargefaction,The act of sprinkling.
Sparhawk,The sparrow hawk.
Spar-hung,Hung with spar  as a cave.
Sparker,A spark arrester.
Sparkful,Lively; brisk; gay.
Sparkish,Like a spark; airy; gay.
Sparkle,A little spark; a scintillation.
Sparkled,of Sparkle
Sparkling,of Sparkle
Sparklet,A small spark.
Sparkliness,Vivacity.
Sparling,The European smelt (Osmerus eperlanus).
Sparlyre,The calf of the leg.
Sparpiece,The collar beam of a roof; the spanpiece.
Sparpoil,To scatter; to spread; to disperse.
Sparrowgrass,Asparagus.
Sparrowwort,An evergreen shrub of the genus Erica (E. passerina).
Sparsedly,Sparsely.
Sparsely,In a scattered or sparse manner.
Sparsim,Sparsely; scatteredly; here and there.
Sparth,An Anglo-Saxon battle-ax  or halberd.
Sparve,The hedge sparrow.
Spary,Sparing; parsimonious.
Spasmatical,Spasmodic.
Spasmodical,Same as Spasmodic  a.
Spastically,Spasmodically.
Spasticity,A state of spasm.
Spat,imp. of Spit.
Spatted,of Spat
Spatting,of Spat
Spatangoid,Of or pertaining to the Spatangoidea.
Spatchcock,See Spitchcock.
Spate,A river flood; an overflow or inundation.
Spathae,of Spatha
Spatha,A spathe.
Spathaceous,Having a spathe; resembling a spathe; spathal.
Spathal,Furnished with a spathe; as  spathal flowers.
Spathed,Having a spathe or calyx like a sheath.
Spathic,Like spar; foliated or lamellar; spathose.
Spathiform,Resembling spar in form.
Spathose,See Spathic.
Spathous,Spathose.
Spathulate,See Spatulate.
Spatial,Of or pertaining to space.
Spatially,As regards space.
Spatiate,To rove; to ramble.
Spattered,of Spatter
Spattering,of Spatter
Spatterdashed,Wearing spatterdashes.
Spatter-dock,The common yellow water lily (Nuphar advena).
Spattle,Spawl; spittle.
Spauld,The shoulder.
Spavined,Affected with spavin.
Spaw,See Spa.
Spawl,A splinter or fragment  as of wood or stone. See Spall.
Spawled,of Spawl
Spawling,of Spawl
Spawned,of Spawn
Spawning,of Spawn
Spawn,To produce or deposit (eggs)  as fishes or frogs do.
Spawner,A mature female fish.
Spayed,of Spay
Spaying,of Spay
Spayad,Alt. of Spayade
Spayade,A spay.
Spoke,of Speak
Spoken,of Speak
Speaking,of Speak
Speakable,Capable of being spoken; fit to be spoken.
Speaker,One who speaks.
Speking,The act of uttering words.
Speared,of Spear
Spearing,of Spear
Spearer,One who uses a spear; as  a spearer of fish.
Spearhead,The pointed head  or end of a spear.
Spearmen,of Spearman
Spearman,One who is armed with a spear.
Speary,Having the form of a spear.
Spece,Species; kind.
Specht,A woodpecker.
Special,Of or pertaining to a species; constituting a species or sort.
Specialities,of Speciality
Speciality,A particular or peculiar case; a particularity.
Specialization,The act of specializing  or the state of being spezialized.
Specialize,To mention specially; to particularize.
Specially,In a special manner; particularly; especially.
Specialties,of Specialty
Specialty,Particularity.
Specifiable,Admitting specification; capable of being specified.
Specifical,Specific.
Specifically,In a specific manner.
Specificalness,The quality of being specific.
Soecificness,The quality or state of being specific.
Specified,of Specify
Specifying,of Specify
Specollum,See Stylet  2.
Speciocities,of Speciosity
Speciosity,The quality or state of being specious; speciousness.
Specked,of Speck
Specking,of Speck
Speckled,of Speckle
Speckling,of Speckle
Speckled-belly,The gadwall.
Speckled-bill,The American white-fronted goose (Anser albifrons).
Speckledness,The quality of being speckled.
Speckt,A woodpecker. See Speight.
Spectacled,Furnished with spectacles; wearing spectacles.
Spectacular,Of or pertaining to a shows; of the nature of a show.
Spectant,Looking forward.
Spectation,Regard; aspect; appearance.
Spectatorial,Of or pertaining to a spectator.
Spectatorship,The office or quality of a spectator.
Spectatress,Alt. of Spectatrix
Spectatrix,A female beholder or looker-on.
Specter,Alt. of Spectre
Spectioneer,Same as Specsioneer.
Spectral,Of or pertaining to a specter; ghosty.
Spectrally,In the form or manner of a specter.
Spectroscopic,Alt. of Spectroscopical
Spectroscopical,Of or pertaining to a spectroscope  or spectroscopy.
Spectra,of Spectrum
Spectrum,An apparition; a specter.
Speculated,of Speculate
Speculating,of Speculate
Speculation,The act of speculating.
Speculatist,One who speculates  or forms theories; a speculator; a theorist.
Speculative,Given to speculation; contemplative.
Speculatorial,Speculatory; speculative.
Speculatory,Intended or adapted for viewing or espying; having oversight.
Speculist,One who observes or considers; an observer.
Specula,of Speculum
Speculum,of Speculum
Sped,imp. & p. p. of Speed.
Speece,Species; sort.
Speechful,Full of speech or words; voluble; loquacious.
Speechification,The act of speechifying.
Speechifier,One who makes a speech or speeches; an orator; a declaimer.
Speechified,of Speechify
Speechifying,of Speechify
Speechify,To make a speech; to harangue.
Speeching,The act of making a speech.
Speechless,Destitute or deprived of the faculty of speech.
Speed,Prosperity in an undertaking; favorable issue; success.
Speeded,of Speed
Speeding,of Speed
Speeder,One who  or that which speeds.
Speedful,Full of speed (in any sense).
Speedfully,In a speedful manner.
Speedily,In a speedy manner.
Speediness,The quality or state of being speedy.
Speedless,Being without speed.
Speer,A sphere.
Speet,To stab.
Speight,A woodpecker; -- called also specht  spekt spight.
Speir,To ask. See Spere.
Speiskobalt,Smaltite.
Speke,To speak.
Spekehouse,The parlor or reception room of a convent.
Spelicans,See Spilikin.
Spelk,A small stick or rod used as a spike in thatching; a splinter.
Spell,A spelk  or splinter.
Spelled,of Spell
Spelling,of Spell
Spelt,of Spell
Spellable,Capable of being spelt.
Spellbound,Bound by  or as by a spell.
Speller,One who spells.
Spellful,Abounding in spells  or charms.
Spellken,A theater.
Spelter,Zinc; -- especially so called in commerce and arts.
Spelunc,A cavern; a cave.
Spencer,One who has the care of the spence  or buttery.
Spent,of Spend
Spending,of Spend
Spendthrifty,Spendthrift; prodigal.
Sper,Alt. of Sperre
Sperre,To shut in; to support; to inclose; to fasten.
Sperable,Within the range of hpe; proper to be hoped for.
Sperage,Asperagus.
Sperate,Hoped for  or to be hoped for.
Spere,To search; to pry; to ask; to inquire.
Sperge,A charge of wash for the still.
Sperling,A smelt; a sparling.
Sperm,The male fecundating fluid; semen. See Semen.
Spermalist,See Spermist.
Spermathecae,of Spermatheca
Spermatical,Spermatic.
Spermatism,The emission of sperm  or semen.
Spermatia,of Spermatium
Spermatize,To yield seed; to emit seed  or sperm.
Spermato-,Alt. of Spermo-
Spermatoblast,Same as Spermoblast.
Spermatocyte,Same as Spermoblast.
Spermatogemma,Same as Spermosphere.
Spermatogenesis,The development of the spermatozoids.
Spermatogenous,Sperm-producing.
Spermatoid,Spermlike; resembling sperm  or semen.
Spermatoa,of Spermatoon
Spermatoon,A spermoblast.
Spermatophore,Same as Spermospore.
Spermatorrhea,Alt. of Spermatorrhoea
Spermatospore,Same as Spermospore.
Spermatozooid,A spermatozoid.
Spermatozoa,of Spermatozoon
Spermatozoon,Same as Spermatozoid.
Spermic,Of or pertaining to sperm  or semen.
Spermidia,of Spermidium
Spermidium,An achenium.
Spermococcus,The nucleus of the sperm cell.
Spermogonium,A conceptacle of certain lichens  which contains spermatia.
Spermologist,One who treats of  or collects seeds.
Spermophore,A spermatophore.
Spermophytic,Capable of producing seeds; ph/nogamic.
Spermoplasma,The protoplasm of the sperm cell.
Spermule,A sperm cell.
Sperse,To disperse.
Spessartite,A manganesian variety of garnet.
Spet,To spit; to throw out.
Spetches,Parings and refuse of hides  skins etc. from which glue is made.
Spewed,of Spew
Spewing,of Spew
Spew,To eject from the stomach; to vomit.
Spewer,One who spews.
Spewiness,The state of being spewy.
Spewy,Wet; soggy; inclined to spew.
Sphacel,Gangrene.
Sphacelated,of Spacelate
Sphacelating,of Spacelate
Spacelate,To die  decay or become gangrenous as flesh or bone; to mortify.
Sphacelate,To affect with gangrene.
Sphacelation,The process of becoming or making gangrenous; mortification.
Sphacelus,Gangrenous part; gangrene; slough.
Sphaeridia,of Sphaeridium
Sphaerospore,One of the nonsexual spores found in red algae; a tetraspore.
Sphaerulite,Same as Spherulite.
Sphagnicolous,Growing in moss of the genus Sphagnum.
Sphenethmoidal,Relating to the sphenoethmoid bone; sphenoethmoid.
Spheniscan,Any species of penguin.
Sphenodon,Same as Hatteria.
Sphenoethmoidal,Sphenethmoid.
Sphenogram,A cuneiform  or arrow-headed character.
Sphenographer,One skilled in sphenography; a sphenographist.
Sphenographic,Of or pertaining to sphenography.
Sphenographist,A sphenographer.
Sphenoid,Wedge-shaped; as  a sphenoid crystal.
Sphenoidal,Sphenoid.
Sphenotic,Of  pertaining to or designating the sphenotic bone.
Spheral,Of or pertaining to a sphere or the spheres.
Sphered,of Sphere
Sphering,of Sphere
Spherical,Alt. of Spheric
Sphericle,A small sphere.
Spherobacteria,See the Note under Microbacteria.
Spheroidal,Having the form of a spheroid.
Spheroidic,Alt. of Spheroidical
Spheroidical,See Spheroidal.
Spheroidicity,Alt. of Spheroidity
Spheroidity,The quality or state of being spheroidal.
Spherosiderite,Siderite occuring in spheroidal masses.
Spherosome,The body wall of any radiate animal.
Sphery,Round; spherical; starlike.
Sphigmometer,See Sphygmometer.
Sphingid,A sphinx.
Sphragide,Lemnian earth.
Sphygmic,Of or pertaining to the pulse.
Sphygmoscope,Same as Sphygmograph.
Spial,A spy; a scout.
Spicae,of Spica
Spicate,Alt. of Spicated
Spice,Species; kind.
Spiced,of Spice
Spicing,of Spice
Spicebush,Spicewood.
Spicenut,A small crisp cake  highly spiced.
Spicer,One who seasons with spice.
Spicery,Spices  in general.
Spiciferous,Bearing ears  or spikes; spicate.
Spiciform,Spike-shaped.
Spicily,In a spicy manner.
Spiciness,The quality or state of being spicy.
Spick,A spike or nail.
Spicose,Having spikes  or ears like corn spikes.
Spicosity,The state of having  or being full of ears like corn.
Spicous,See Spicose.
Spiculae,of Spicula
Spicula,A little spike; a spikelet.
Spicular,Resembling a dart; having sharp points.
Spiculate,Covered with  or having spicules.
Spicule,A minute  slender granule or point.
Spiculiform,Having the shape of a spicule.
Spiculigenous,Producing or containing spicules.
Spiculum,Same as Spicule.
Spidered,Infested by spiders; cobwebbed.
Spiderlike,Like a spider.
Spider web,Alt. of Spider's web
Spied,imp. & p. p. of Spy.
Spiegeleisen,See Spiegel iron.
Spight,Spite.
Spignel,Same as Spickenel.
Spignet,An aromatic plant of America. See Spikenard.
Spigurnel,Formerly the title of the sealer of writs in chancery.
Spiked,of Spike
Spiking,of Spike
Spikebill,The hooded merganser.
Spikefish,See Sailfish (a)
Spiketail,The pintail duck.
Spiky,Like a spike; spikelike.
Spile,A small plug or wooden pin  used to stop a vent as in a cask.
spilikins,of Spilikin
Spill,A bit of wood split off; a splinter.
Spilt,of Spill
Spilling,of Spill
Spilled,of Spill
Spiller,One who  or that which spills.
Spillet fishing,Alt. of Spilliard fishing
Spillikin,See Spilikin.
Spilter,Any one of the small branches on a stag's head.
Spilth,Anything spilt  or freely poured out; slop; effusion.
Spun,of Spin
Spinning,of Spin
Spinach,Alt. of Spinage
Spinate,Bearing a spine; spiniform.
Spindled,of Spindle
Spindling,of Spindle
Spindle-legged,Having long  slender legs.
Spindlelegs,A spindleshanks.
Spindle-shanked,Having long  slender legs.
Spindle-shaped,Having the shape of a spindle.
Spindletail,The pintail duck.
Spine,A sharp appendage to any of a plant; a thorn.
Spineback,A fish having spines in  or in front of the dorsal fins.
Spined,Furnished with spines; spiny.
Spinel,Alt. of Spinelle
Spineless,Having no spine.
Spine-tailed,Having the tail quills ending in sharp  naked tips.
Spineted,Slit; cleft.
Spiniferous,Producing spines; bearing thorns or spines; thorny; spiny.
Spiniform,Shaped like a spine.
Spinigerous,Bearing a spine or spines; thorn-bearing.
Spininess,Quality of being spiny.
Spinii-spirulate,Having spines arranged spirally. See Spicule.
Spink,The chaffinch.
Spinneys,of Spinney
Spinney,Same as Spinny.
Spinnies,of Spinny
Spinny,A small thicket or grove with undergrowth; a clump of trees.
Spinose,Full of spines; armed with thorns; thorny.
Spinosity,The quality or state of being spiny or thorny; spininess.
Spinous,Spinose; thorny.
Spinozist,A believer in Spinozism.
Spinster,A woman who spins  or whose occupation is to spin.
Spinstress,A woman who spins.
Spinstry,The business of one who spins; spinning.
Spinule,A minute spine.
Spinulescent,Having small spines; somewhat thorny.
Spinulose,Alt. of Spinulous
Spinulous,Covered with small spines.
Spiny,Full of spines; thorny; as  a spiny tree.
Spirable,Capable of being breathed; respirable.
Spiracular,Of or pertaining to a spiracle.
Spirality,The quality or states of being spiral.
Spirally,In a spiral form  manner or direction.
Spiranthy,The occasional twisted growth of the parts of a flower.
Spiration,The act of breathing.
Spire,To breathe.
Spired,of Spire
Spiring,of Spire
Spirited,of Spirit
Spiriting,of Spirit
Spiritally,By means of the breath.
Spiritful,Full of spirit; spirited.
Spiritism,Spiritualsm.
Spiritist,A spiritualist.
Spiritous,Like spirit; refined; defecated; pure.
Spiritousness,Quality of being spiritous.
Spiritualism,The quality or state of being spiritual.
Spiritualistic,Relating to  or connected with spiritualism.
Spiritualities,of Spirituality
Spiritualization,The act of spiritualizing  or the state of being spiritualized.
Spiritualized,of Spiritualize
Spiritualizing,of Spiritualize
Spiritualizer,One who spiritualizes.
Spiritually,In a spiritual manner; with purity of spirit; like a spirit.
Spiritualty,An ecclesiastical body; a spirituality.
Spirituosity,The quality or state of being spirituous; spirituousness.
Spirituousness,The quality or state of being spirituous.
Spirketing,The planking from the waterways up to the port sills.
Spirling,Sparling.
Spirobacteria,See the Note under Microbacteria.
Spirochaeta,Alt. of Spirochaete
Spiroylic,Alt. of Spiroylous
Spiroylous,Pertaining to  or designating a substance now called salicylal.
Spirt,Same as Spurt.
Spirtle,To spirt in a scattering manner.
Spirulate,Having the color spots  or structural parts arranged spirally.
Spiry,Of a spiral form; wreathed; curled; serpentine.
Spiss,Thick; crowded; compact; dense.
Spitted,of Spit
Spitting,of Spit
Spital,A hospital.
Spitalhouse,A hospital.
Spitball,Paper chewed  and rolled into a ball to be thrown as a missile.
Spitbox,A vessel to receive spittle.
Spitchcocked,Broiled or fried after being split lengthwise; -- said of eels.
Spited,of Spite
Spiting,of Spite
Spitfire,A violent  irascible or passionate person.
Spitfuls,of Spitful
Spitful,A spadeful.
Spitous,Having spite; spiteful.
Spitously,Spitefully.
Spitscocked,Spitchcocked.
Spitter,One who ejects saliva from the mouth.
Spittle,See Spital.
Spittly,Like spittle; slimy.
Spittoon,A spitbox; a cuspidor.
Spit-venom,Poison spittle; poison ejected from the mouth.
Splanchnapophyses,of Splanchnapophysis
Splanchnic,Of or pertaining to the viscera; visceral.
Splanchnography,Splanchnology.
Splanchnotomy,The dissection  or anatomy of the viscera.
Splandrel,See Spandrel.
Splashed,of Splash
Splashing,of Splash
Splash,To strike and dash about  as water mud etc.; to plash.
Splasher,One who  or that which splashes.
Splatter,To spatter; to splash.
Splatterdash,Uproar.
Splay,To display; to spread.
Splayfeet,of Splayfoot
Splayfoot,A foot that is abnormally flattened and spread out; flat foot.
Splayfooted,Having a splayfoot or splayfeet.
Splaymouths,of Splaymouth
Splaymouth,A wide mouth; a mouth stretched in derision.
Splaymouthed,Having a splaymouth.
Spleened,Deprived of the spleen.
Spleenful,Displaying  or affected with spleen; angry; fretful; melancholy.
Spleenish,Spleeny; affected with spleen; fretful.
Spleenless,Having no spleen; hence  kind; gentle; mild.
Spleeny,Irritable; peevish; fretful.
Spleget,A cloth dipped in a liquid for washing a sore.
Splenalgia,Pain over the region of the spleen.
Splenculi,of Splenculus
Splenculus,A lienculus.
Splendidious,Splendid.
Splendidly,In a splendid manner; magnificently.
Splendidness,The quality of being splendid.
Splendidous,Splendid.
Splendiferous,Splendor-bearing; splendid.
Splendrous,Alt. of Splendorous
Splendorous,Splendid.
Splenetic,Affected with spleen; malicious; spiteful; peevish; fretful.
Splenetical,Splenetic.
Splenetically,In a splenetical manner.
Splenial,Designating the splenial bone.
Splenic,Of or pertaining to the spleen; lienal; as  the splenic vein.
Splenical,Splenic.
Splenish,Spleenish.
Splenitis,Inflammation of the spleen.
Splenitive,Splenetic.
Splenius,A flat muscle of the back of the neck.
Splenocele,Hernia formed by the spleen.
Splenography,A description of the spleen.
Splenoid,Resembling the spleen; spleenlike.
Splenology,The branch of science which treats of the spleen.
Splenotomy,Dissection or anatomy of the spleen.
Splent,See Splent.
Spleuchan,A pouch  as for tobacco.
Spliced,of Splice
Splicing,of Splice
Splining,Of or pertaining to a spline.
Splint,A piece split off; a splinter.
Splinted,of Splint
Splinting,of Splint
Splintered,of Splinter
Splintering,of Splinter
Splinterproof,Proof against the splinters  or fragments of bursting shells.
Split,of Split
Splitted,of Split
Splitting,of Split
Splitfeet,The Fissipedia.
Splitter,One who  or that which splits.
Split-tongued,Having a forked tongue  as that of snakes and some lizards.
Splotch,A spot; a stain; a daub.
Splotchy,Covered or marked with splotches.
Splurge,A blustering demonstration  or great effort; a great display.
Spluttered,of Splutter
Spluttering,of Splutter
Splutter,To speak hastily and confusedly; to sputter.
Splutterer,One who splutters.
Spodomancy,Divination by means of ashes.
Spodomantic,Relating to spodomancy  or divination by means of ashes.
Spoffish,Earnest and active in matters of no moment; bustling.
Spoiled,of Spoil
Spoilt,of Spoil
Spoiling,of Spoil
Spoilable,Capable of being spoiled.
Spoiler,One who spoils; a plunderer; a pillager; a robber; a despoiler.
Spoilful,Wasteful; rapacious.
Spoilsmen,of Spoilsman
Spoked,of Spoke
Spoking,of Spoke
Spokesmen,of Spokesman
Spokesman,One who speaks for another.
Spoliated,of Spoliate
Spoliating,of Spoliate
Spoliate,To plunder; to pillage; to despoil; to rob.
Spoliation,The act of plundering; robbery; deprivation; despoliation.
Spoliator,One who spoliates; a spoiler.
Spoliatory,Tending to spoil; destructive; spoliative.
Spondaic,Alt. of Spondaical
Spondaical,Or of pertaining to a spondee; consisting of spondees.
Spondee,A poetic foot of two long syllables  as in the Latin word leges.
Spondulics,Money.
Spondyl,Alt. of Spondyle
Spondyle,A joint of the backbone; a vertebra.
Spong,An irregular  narrow projecting part of a field.
Sponged,of Sponge
Sponging,of Sponge
Spongelet,See Spongiole.
Spongeous,Resembling sponge; having the nature or qualities of sponge.
Sponger,One who sponges  or uses a sponge.
Spongida,Spongiae.
Spongiform,Resembling a sponge; soft and porous; porous.
Spongilla,A genus of siliceous spongea found in fresh water.
Sponginess,The quality or state of being spongy.
Spongiose,Alt. of Spongious
Spongiozoa,See Sponglae.
Spongoid,Resembling sponge; like sponge.
Sponk,See Spunk.
Sponsal,Relating to marriage  or to a spouse; spousal.
Sponsible,responsible; worthy of credit.
Sponsion,The act of becoming surety for another.
Sponsional,Of or pertaining to a pledge or agreement; responsible.
Spnsorial,Pertaining to a sponsor.
Sponsorship,State of being a sponsor.
Spontaneities,of Spontaneity
Spook,A spirit; a ghost; an apparition; a hobgoblin.
Spooled,of Spool
Spooling,of Spool
Spooler,One who  or that which spools.
Spoon,See Spoom.
Spoon-billed,Having the bill expanded and spatulate at the end.
Spooney,Weak-minded; demonstratively fond; as  spooney lovers.
Spooneye,of Spooney
Spoonfuls,of Spoonful
Spoonily,In a spoony manner.
Spoon-meat,Food that is  or must be taken with a spoon; liquid food.
Spoonwood,The mountain laurel (Kalmia latifolia).
Spoonwort,Scurvy grass.
Spoony,Same as Spooney.
Sporadial,Sporadic.
Sporadical,Sporadic.
Sporadically,In a sporadic manner.
Sporangia,of Sporangium
Sporangium,A spore case in the cryptogamous plants  as in ferns etc.
Sporid,A sporidium.
Sporidiferous,Bearing sporidia.
Sporidia,of Sporidium
Sporiferous,Bearing or producing spores.
Sporification,Spore formation. See Spore formation (b)  under Spore.
Sporogenesis,reproduction by spores.
Sporophore,A placenta.
Sporophoric,Having the nature of a sporophore.
Sporozoid,Same as Zoospore.
Sport,That which diverts  and makes mirth; pastime; amusement.
Sported,of Sport
Sporting,of Sport
Sportability,Sportiveness.
Sportal,Of or pertaining to sports; used in sports.
Sporter,One who sports; a sportsman.
Sportingly,In sport; sportively.
Sportless,Without sport or mirth; joyless.
Sportling,A little person or creature engaged in sports or in play.
Sportsmen,of Sportsman
Sportsmanship,The practice of sportsmen; skill in field sports.
Sportulae,of Sportula
Sportula,A gift; a present; a prize; hence  an alms; a largess.
Sportulary,Subsisting on alms or charitable contributions.
Sporule,A small spore; a spore.
Sporuliferous,Producing sporules.
Spotted,of Spot
Spotting,of Spot
Spottedness,State or quality of being spotted.
Spotter,One who spots.
Spottiness,The state or quality of being spotty.
Spotty,Full of spots; marked with spots.
Spousage,Espousal.
Spouse-breach,Adultery.
Spouseless,Destitute of a spouse; unmarried.
Spousess,A wife or bride.
Spouted,of Spout
Spouting,of Spout
Spouter,One who  or that which spouts.
Spoutless,Having no spout.
Sprack,Quick; lively; alert.
Sprad,p. p. of Spread.
Spradde,imp. of Spread.
Sprag,A young salmon.
Spragged,of Sprag
Spragging,of Sprag
Sprained,of Sprain
Spraining,of Sprain
Spraints,The dung of an otter.
Sprang,imp. of Spring.
Sprawled,of Sprawl
Sprawling,of Sprawl
Srawls,Small branches of a tree; twigs; sprays.
Spray,A small shoot or branch; a twig.
Sprayboard,See Dashboard  n. 2 (b).
Spread,of Spread
Spreading,of Spread
Spreader,One who  or that which spreads expands or propogates.
Spreadingly,Increasingly.
Spree,A merry frolic; especially  a drinking frolic; a carousal.
Sprenge,To sprinkle; to scatter.
Sprent,p. p. of Sprenge. Sprinkled.
Sprew,Thrush.
Spreynd,p. p. of Sprenge. Sprinkled.
Sprigged,of Sprig
Sprigging,of Sprig
Spriggy,Full of sprigs or small branches.
Spright,Spirit; mind; soul; state of mind; mood.
Sprightless,Destitute of life; dull; sluggish.
Sprigtail,The pintail duck; -- called also sprig  and spreet-tail.
Sprung,of Spring
Springing,of Spring
Spring,To leap; to bound; to jump.
Springal,Alt. of Springall
Springald,Alt. of Springall
Springall,An active  springly young man.
Springbok,Alt. of Springbuck
Springhalt,A kind of lameness in horse. See Stringhalt.
Springhead,A fountain or source.
Springiness,The state or quality of being springly.
Springle,A springe.
Springlet,A little spring.
Springtide,The time of spring; springtime.
Springtime,The season of spring; springtide.
Sprinkled,of Sprinkle
Sprinkling,of Sprinkle
Sprinkle,To scatter in small drops or particles  as water seed etc.
Sprinkler,One who sprinkles.
Sprinted,of Sprint
Sprinting,of Sprint
Sprint,To run very rapidly; to run at full speed.
Sprite,A spirit; a soul; a shade; also  an apparition. See Spright.
Spriteful,Alt. of Spritely
Spritefully,Alt. of Spritely
Spriteliness,Alt. of Spritely
Spritely,See Sprightful  Sprightfully Sprightliness Sprightly etc.
Spritsail,A sail extended by a sprit.
Sprocket wheel,Same as Chain wheel.
Sprod,A salmon in its second year.
Sprong,imp. of Spring. Sprung.
Sprouted,of Sprout
Sprouting,of Sprout
Spruced,of Spruce
Sprucing,of Spruce
Sprug,To make smart.
Sprunt,To spring up; to germinate; to spring forward or outward.
Spruntly,In a sprunt manner; smartly; vigorously; youthfully.
Spry,Having great power of leaping or running; nimble; active.
Spue,See Spew.
Spuilzie,See Spulzie.
Spuke,See Spook.
Spulzie,Plunder  or booty.
Spumed,of Spume
Spuming,of Spume
Spumeous,Spumous.
Spumescence,The state of being foamy; frothiness.
Spumescent,Resembling froth or foam; foaming.
Spumid,Spumous; frothy.
Spumiferous,Producing foam.
Spuminess,The quality or condition of being spumy; spumescence.
Spumous,Alt. of Spumy
Spunge,A sponge.
Spunky,Full of spunk; quick; spirited.
Spur,A sparrow.
Spurred,of Spur
Spurring,of Spur
Spurgall,A place galled or excoriated by much using of the spur.
Spurgewort,Any euphorbiaceous plant.
Spurging,A purging.
Spurless,Having no spurs.
Spurling,A tern.
Spurned,of Spurn
Spurning,of Spurn
Spurn,To drive back or away  as with the foot; to kick.
Spurner,One who spurns.
Spurn-water,A channel at the end of a deck to restrain the water.
Spurrer,One who spurs.
Spurrey,See Spurry.
Spurrier,One whose occupation is to make spurs.
Spurted,of Spurt
Spurting,of Spurt
Spurtle,To spurt or shoot in a scattering manner.
Spurway,A bridle path.
Spur-winged,Having one or more spurs on the bend of the wings.
Sputation,The act of spitting; expectoration.
Sputative,Inclined to spit; spitting much.
Spute,To dispute; to discuss.
Sputtered,of Sputter
Sputtering,of Sputter
Sputterer,One who sputters.
Sputa,of Sputum
Spying,of Spy
Spies,of Spy
Spyboat,A boat sent to make discoveries and bring intelligence.
Spyglass,A small telescope for viewing distant terrestrial objects.
Spyism,Act or business of spying.
Spynace,Alt. of Spyne
Spyne,See Pinnace  n. 1 (a).
Squab,Fat; thick; plump; bulky.
Squabash,To crush; to quash; to squash.
Squabbish,Thick; fat; heavy.
Squabbled,of Squabble
Squabbling,of Squabble
Squabbler,One who squabbles; a contentious person; a brawler.
Squabby,Short and thick; suqabbish.
Squab-chick,A young chicken before it is fully fledged.
Squaccos,of Squacco
Squadroned,Formed into squadrons  or squares.
Squaimous,Squeamish.
Squali,The suborder of elasmobranch fishes which comprises the sharks.
Squalid,Dirty through neglect; foul; filthy; extremely dirty.
Squalidity,The quality or state of being squalid; foulness; filthiness.
Squalidly,In a squalid manner.
Squalidness,Quality or state of being squalid.
Squall,A sudden violent gust of wind often attended with rain or snow.
Squalled,of Squall
Squalling,of Squall
Squaller,One who squalls; a screamer.
Squalodont,Pertaining to Squalodon.
Squaloid,Like or pertaining to a shark or sharks.
Squalor,Squalidness; foulness; filthness; squalidity.
Squamae,of Squama
Squamaceous,Squamose.
Squamate,Alt. of Squamated
Squamated,Same as Squamose.
Squamduck,The American eider duck.
Squame,A scale.
Squamellae,of Squamella
Squamellate,Furnished or covered with little scales; squamulose.
Squamiform,Having the shape of a scale.
Squamigerous,Bearing scales.
Squamipennes,of Squamipen
Squamoid,Resembling a scale; also  covered with scales; scaly.
Squamosal,Scalelike; squamous; as  the squamosal bone.
Squamose,Alt. of Squamous
Squamulae,of Squamula
Squamulate,Same as Squamulose.
Squamule,Same as Squamula.
Squamulose,Having little scales; squamellate; squamulate.
Squandered,of Squander
Squandering,of Squander
Squander,To scatter; to disperse.
Squanderer,One who squanders.
Squanderingly,In a squandering manner.
Square,The corner  or angle of a figure.
Squared,of Square
Squaring,of Square
Squarely,In a square form or manner.
Squarer,One who  or that which squares.
Square-toed,Having the toe square.
Square-toes,A precise person; -- used contemptuously or jocularly.
Squarish,Nearly square.
Squarrose,Ragged or full of lose scales or projecting parts; rough; jagged
Squarrous,Squarrose.
Squarrulose,Somewhat squarrose; slightly squarrose.
Squash,An American animal allied to the weasel.
Squashed,of Squash
Squashing,of Squash
Squasher,One who  or that which squashes.
Squashiness,The quality or state of being squashy  or soft.
Squashy,Easily squashed; soft.
Squat,The angel fish (Squatina angelus).
Squatted,of Squat
Squatting,of Squat
Squaterole,The black-bellied plover.
Squatty,Squat; dumpy.
Squawberry,A local name for the partridge berry; also  for the deerberry.
Squawked,of Squawk
Squawking,of Squawk
Squawk,To utter a shrill  abrupt scream; to squeak harshly.
Squawl,See Squall.
Squawweed,The golden ragwort. See under Ragwort.
Squaked,of Squeak
Squeaking,of Squeak
Squeaker,One who  or that which squeaks.
Squeakingly,In a squeaking manner.
Squealed,of Squeal
Squealing,of Squeal
Squealer,One who  or that which squeals.
Squeamous,Squeamish.
Squeasiness,Queasiness.
Squesy,Queasy; nice; squeamish; fastidious; scrupulous.
Squeegee,Same as Squilgee.
Squeezed,of Squeeze
Squeezing,of Squeeze
Squeezer,One who  or that which squeezes; as a lemon squeezer.
Squelched,of Squelch
Squelching,of Squelch
Squelch,To quell; to crush; to silence or put down.
Squibbed,of Squib
Squibbing,of Squib
Squier,A square. See 1st Squire.
Squierie,Alt. of Squiery
Squiery,A company of squires; the whole body of squires.
Squillas,of Squilla
Squillae,of Squilla
Squillitic,Of or pertaining to squills.
Squinance,Alt. of Squinancy
Squinancy,The quinsy. See Quinsy.
Squinsy,See Quinsy.
Squinted,of Squint
Squinting,of Squint
Squinter,One who squints.
Squint-eye,An eye that squints.
Squintifego,Squinting.
Squiny,To squint.
Squinzey,See Quinsy.
Souir,To throw with a jerk; to throw edge foremost.
Squiralty,Same as Squirarchy.
Squirarch,One who belongs to the squirarchy.
Squirarchy,The gentlemen  or gentry of a country collectively.
Squire,A square; a measure; a rule.
squired,of Squire
squiring,of Squire
Squireen,One who is half squire and half farmer; -- used humorously.
Squirehood,The rank or state of a squire; squireship.
squireling,A petty squire.
Squirely,Becoming a squire; like a squire.
squireship,Squirehood.
Squirmed,of Squirm
Squirming,of Squirm
Squirr,See Squir.
Squirted,of Squirt
Squirting,of Squirt
Squirter,One who  or that which squirts.
Squiry,The body of squires  collectively considered; squirarchy.
Squitch grass,Quitch grass.
Squitee,The squeteague; -- called also squit.
Stabbed,of Stab
Stabbing,of Stab
Stabber,One who  or that which stabs; a privy murderer.
Stabbingly,By stabbing; with intent to injure covertly.
Stabiliment,The act of making firm; firm support; establishment.
Stabilitate,To make stable; to establish.
Stabled,of Stable
Stabling,of Stable
Stableboy,Alt. of Stableman
Stableman,A boy or man who attends in a stable; a groom; a hostler.
Stabler,A stable keeper.
Stablishment,Establishment.
Stabulation,The act of stabling or housing beasts.
Stacked,of Stack
Stacking,of Stack
Stackage,Hay  gray or the like in stacks; things stacked.
Stacket,A stockade.
Stack-guard,A covering or protection  as a canvas for a stack.
Stackstand,A staging for supporting a stack of hay or grain; a rickstand.
Stackyard,A yard or inclosure for stacks of hay or grain.
Stade,A stadium.
Stadia,of Stadium
Stadtholderate,Alt. of Stadtholdership
Stadtholdership,The office or position of a stadtholder.
Stafette,An estafet.
Staves,of Staff
Staffs,of Staff
Staffier,An attendant bearing a staff.
Staffish,Stiff; harsh.
Staffmen,of Staffman
Staffman,A workman employed in silk throwing.
Stage,A floor or story of a house.
Stagecoachmen,of Stagecoachman
Stagecoachman,One who drives a stagecoach.
Stagely,Pertaining to a stage; becoming the theater; theatrical.
Stageplay,A dramatic or theatrical entertainment.
Stager,A player.
Stagery,Exhibition on the stage.
Stag-evil,A kind of palsy affecting the jaw of a horse.
Staggard,The male red deer when four years old.
Staggered,of Stagger
Staggering,of Stagger
Staggeringly,In a staggering manner.
Staggerwort,A kind of ragwort (Senecio Jacobaea).
Stag-horn coral,Alt. of Stag-horn fern
Stag-horn fern,See under Stag.
Stagnancy,State of being stagnant.
Stagnantly,In a stagnant manner.
Stagnated,of Stagnate
Stagnating,of Stagnate
Stahlism,Alt. of Stahlianism
Stail,imp. & p. p. of Stay.
Staidly,In a staid manner  sedately.
Stained,of Stain
Staining,of Stain
Stainer,One who stains or tarnishes.
Stainless,Free from stain; immaculate.
Stainlessly,In a stainless manner.
Stairhead,The head or top of a staircase.
Stairway,A flight of stairs or steps; a staircase.
Staithman,A man employed in weighing and shipping at a staith.
Staked,of Stake
Staking,of Stake
Stal,Stole.
Stalactic,Alt. of Stalactical
Stalactical,Stalactic.
Stalactoform,Like a stalactite; resembling a stalactite.
Stalactites,of Stalactite
Stalactitic,Alt. of Stalactitical
Stalactitiform,Having the form of a stalactite; stalactiform.
Stalagmitic,Alt. of Stalagmitical
Stalagmitical,Having the form or structure of stalagmites.
Stalder,A wooden frame to set casks on.
Stale,The stock or handle of anything; as  the stale of a rake.
Staled,of Stale
Staling,of Stale
Stalely,In a state stale manner.
Staleness,The quality or state of being stale.
Stalked,of Stalk
Stalking,of Stalk
Stalker,One who stalks.
Stalkless,Having no stalk.
Stalky,Hard as a stalk; resembling a stalk.
Stalled,of Stall
Stalling,of Stall
Stallage,The right of erecting a stalls in fairs; rent paid for a stall.
Stallation,Installation.
Staller,A standard bearer. obtaining
Stall-fed,of Stall-feed
Stall-feeding,of Stall-feed
Stallion,A male horse not castrated; a male horse kept for breeding.
Stallmen,of Stallman
Stallon,A slip from a plant; a scion; a cutting.
Stalwart,Alt. of Stalworth
Stalworth,Brave; bold; strong; redoubted; daring; vehement; violent.
Stalwartly,In a stalwart manner.
Stalwartness,The quality of being stalwart.
Stalworthhood,Alt. of Stalworthness
Stamens,of Stamen
Stamina,of Stamen
Stamen,A thread; especially  a warp thread.
Stamened,Furnished with stamens.
Stamin,A kind of woolen cloth.
Staminal,Of or pertaining to stamens or stamina; consisting in stamens.
Staminate,Furnished with stamens; producing stamens.
Stamineal,Alt. of Stamineous
Stamineous,Consisting of stamens or threads.
Staminiferous,Bearing or having stamens.
Staminode,A staminodium.
Staminodia,of Staminodium
Stammel,A large  clumsy horse.
Stammered,of Stammer
Stammering,of Stammer
Stammerer,One who stammers.
Stamped,of Stamp
Stamping,of Stamp
Stamper,One who stamps.
Stance,A stanza.
Stanched,of Stanch
Stanching,of Stanch
Stanchel,A stanchion.
Stanchless,Incapable of being stanched  or stopped.
Stanchly,In a stanch manner.
Stanchness,The quality or state of being stanch.
Stood,of Stand
Standing,of Stand
Standage,A reservior in which water accumulates at the bottom of a mine.
Standel,A young tree  especially one reserved when others are cut.
Stander,One who stands.
Stander-by,One who stands near; one who is present; a bystander.
Standgale,See Stannel.
Standish,A stand  or case for pen and ink.
Stane,A stone.
Stang,imp. of Sting.
Staniel,See Stannel.
Stanielry,Hawking with staniels  -- a base kind of falconry.
Stank,Weak; worn out.
Stannary,Of or pertaining to tin mines  or tin works.
Stannaries,of Stannary
Stannate,A salt of stannic acid.
Stanniferous,Containing or affording tin.
Stannine,Alt. of Stannite
Stannotype,A photograph taken upon a tin plate; a tintype.
Stannum,The technical name of tin. See Tin.
Stannyel,Alt. of Stanyel
Stanyel,See Stannel.
Stant,Alt. of Stont
Stont,Stands.
Stanzas,of Stanza
Stapedial,Of or pertaining to stapes.
Staphyline,Of or pertaining to the uvula or the palate.
Staphylinid,Any rove beetle.
Staphylomatous,Of or pertaining to staphyloma; affected with staphyloma.
Staphyloraphy,Alt. of Staphylorrhaphy
Staphylotomy,The operation of removing a staphyloma by cutting.
stapled,of Staple
stapling,of Staple
Stapler,A dealer in staple goods.
Starred,of Star
Starring,of Star
Star-blind,Half blind.
Starblowlines,The men in the starboard watch.
Starch,Stiff; precise; rigid.
Starched,of Starch
Starching,of Starch
Starcher,One who starches.
Starchly,In a starched or starch manner.
Starchy,Consisting of starch; resembling starch; stiff; precise.
Starcraft,Astrology.
Star-crossed,Not favored by the stars; ill-fated.
Stare,The starling.
stared,of Stare
staring,of Stare
Starer,One who stares  or gazes.
Starf,Starved.
Starfinch,The European redstart.
Staringly,With a staring look.
Stark,Stiff; rigid.
Starkly,In a stark manner; stiffly; strongly.
Starkness,The quality or state of being stark.
Starlight,The light given by the stars.
Starlit,Lighted by the stars; starlight.
Starmonger,A fortune teller; an astrologer; -- used in contempt.
Starn,The European starling.
Starost,A nobleman who possessed a starosty.
Starosty,A castle and domain conferred on a nobleman for life.
Starproof,Impervious to the light of the stars; as  a starproof elm.
Starry,Abounding with stars; adorned with stars.
Starshine,The light of the stars.
Starshoot,See Nostoc.
Star-spangled,Spangled or studded with stars.
Starstone,Asteriated sapphire.
started,of Start
starting,of Start
Start,To leap; to jump.
Startful,Apt to start; skittish.
Startfulness,Aptness to start.
Starting,a. & n. from Start  v.
Startingly,By sudden fits or starts; spasmodically.
Startish,Apt to start; skittish; shy; -- said especially of a horse.
Startled,of Startle
Startling,of Startle
Startle,To move suddenly  or be excited on feeling alarm; to start.
Startlingly,In a startling manner.
Start-up,One who comes suddenly into notice; an upstart.
Starvation,The act of starving  or the state of being starved.
Starved,of Starve
Starving,of Starve
Starve,To die; to perish.
Starvedly,In the condition of one starved or starving; parsimoniously.
Starveling,One who  or that which pines from lack or food or nutriment.
Starwort,Any plant of the genus Aster. See Aster.
Stasmia,of Stasimon
Statant,In a standing position; as  a lion statant.
Statarian,Fixed; settled; steady; statary.
Statarianly,Fixedly; steadly.
Statary,Fixed; settled.
Stated,of State
Stating,of State
Statedly,At stated times; regularly.
Stateful,Full of state; stately.
Stateless,Without state or pomp.
Statelily,In a stately manner.
Stateliness,The quality or state of being stately.
Statemonger,One versed in politics  or one who dabbles in state affairs.
Stateprison,See under State  n.
Stater,One who states.
Stateroom,A magnificent room in a place or great house.
Statesmen,of Statesman
Statesmanlike,Having the manner or wisdom of statesmen; becoming a statesman.
Statesmanly,Becoming a statesman.
Statesmanship,The qualifications  duties or employments of a statesman.
Stateswomen,of Stateswoman
Stateswoman,A woman concerned in public affairs.
Stathmograph,A contrivance for recording the speed of a railway train.
Static,Alt. of Statical
Statically,In a statical manner.
Stationed,of Station
Stationing,of Station
Stational,Of or pertaining to a station.
Stationariness,The quality or state of being stationary; fixity.
Stationary,Not moving; not appearing to move; stable; fixed.
Statism,The art of governing a state; statecraft; policy.
Statist,A statesman; a politician; one skilled in government.
Statistic,Alt. of Statistical
Statistically,In the way of statistics.
Statistology,See Statistics  2.
Stative,Of or pertaining to a fixed camp  or military posts or quarters.
Statua,A statue.
Statuaries,of Statuary
Statuary,One who practices the art of making statues.
Statued,of Statue
Statuing,of Statue
Statueless,Without a statue.
Statuelike,Like a statue; motionless.
Statuminate,To prop or support.
Statured,Arrived at full stature.
Status,State; condition; position of affairs.
Status in quo,Alt. of Status quo
Statutably,Conformably to statute.
Staunch,Alt. of Staunchness
Staunchly,Alt. of Staunchness
Staunchness,See Stanch  Stanchly etc.
Staurotide,Staurolite.
Staved,of Stave
Stove,of Stave
Staving,of Stave
Staw,To be fixed or set; to stay.
Stayed,of Stay
Staying,of Stay
Stayedly,Staidly. See Staidly.
Stayedness,Staidness.
Staylace,A lace for fastening stays.
Stayless,Without stop or delay.
Staymaker,One whose occupation is to make stays.
Staynil,The European starling.
Staysail,Any sail extended on a stay.
Stayship,A remora  -- fabled to stop ships by attaching itself to them.
Stead,Place  or spot in general.
Steadfast,Firmly fixed or established; fast fixed; firm.
Steadfastly,In a steadfast manner; firmly.
Steadily,In a steady manner.
Steadiness,The quality or state of being steady.
Steadied,of Steady
Steadying,of Steady
Steal,A handle; a stale  or stele.
Stole,of Steal
Stolen,of Steal
Stealing,of Steal
Stealer,One who steals; a thief.
Stealth,The act of stealing; theft.
Stealthful,Given to stealth; stealthy.
Stealthily,In a stealthy manner.
Stealthiness,The state  quality or character of being stealthy; stealth.
Stealthlike,Stealthy; sly.
Steamed,of Steam
Steaming,of Steam
Steam engine,An engine moved by steam.
Steamer,A vessel propelled by steam; a steamship or steamboat.
Stean,See Steen.
Steaningp,See Steening.
Stearrhea,seborrhea.
Stearyl,The hypothetical radical characteristic of stearic acid.
Steatoma,A cyst containing matter like suet.
Steatomatous,Of the nature of steatoma.
Steatopygous,Having fat buttocks.
Sted,Alt. of Stedfastly
Stedfast,Alt. of Stedfastly
Stedfastly,See Stead  Steadfast etc.
Stee,A ladder.
Steedless,Having no steed; without a horse.
Steek,Alt. of Steik
Steeled,of Steel
Steeling,of Steel
Steeler,One who points  edges or covers with steel.
Steeliness,The quality of being steely.
Steely,Made of steel; consisting of steel.
Steem,See Esteem.
Steen,A vessel of clay or stone.
Steenbok,Same as Steinbock.
Steenkirk,Alt. of Steinkirk
Steinkirk,A kind of neckcloth worn in a loose and disorderly fashion.
Steep,Bright; glittering; fiery.
Steeped,of Steep
Steeping,of Steep
Steep-down,Deep and precipitous  having steep descent.
Steepened,of Steepen
Steepening,of Steepen
Steepen,To become steep or steeper.
Steeper,A vessel  vat or cistern in which things are steeped.
Steepiness,Steepness.
Steepish,Somewhat steep.
Steeplechasing,The act of riding steeple chases.
Steeple-crowned,Bearing a steeple; as  a steeple-crowned building.
Steeply,In a steep manner; with steepness; with precipitous declivity.
Steep-up,Lofty and precipitous.
Steepy,Steep; precipitous.
Steered,of Steer
Steering,of Steer
Steerable,Capable of being steered; dirigible.
Steerer,One who steers; as  a boat steerer.
Steerless,Having no rudder.
Steerling,A young small steer.
Steersmen,of Steersman
Steersman,One who steers; the helmsman of a vessel.
Steersmate,One who steers; steersman.
Steeved,of Steeve
Steeving,of Steeve
Steg,A gander.
Steganographist,One skilled in steganography; a cryptographer.
Steganophthalmata,The Discophora  or Phanerocarpae. Called also Steganophthalmia.
Steganopod,One of the Steganopodes.
Steganopodous,Having all four toes webbed together.
Stegnosis,Constipation; also  constriction of the vessels or ducts.
Stein,See Steen.
Steinbock,The European ibex.
Steingale,The stannel.
Steining,See Steening.
Steinkle,The wheater.
Stelae,of Stela
Stela,A small column or pillar  used as a monument milestone etc.
Stele,Same as Stela.
Stelene,Resembling  or used as a stela; columnar.
Stell,To place or fix firmly or permanently.
Stellar,Alt. of Stellary
Stellate,Alt. of Stellated
Stellation,Radiation of light.
Stelled,Firmly placed or fixed.
Steller,The rytina; -- called also stellerine.
Stellerid,A starfish.
Stelleridan,Alt. of Stelleridean
Stelleridean,A starfish  or brittle star.
Stelliferous,Having  or abounding with stars.
Stelliform,Like a star; star-shaped; radiated.
Stellular,Having the shape or appearance of little stars; radiated.
Stellulate,Minutely stellate.
Stelmatopoda,Same as Gymnolaemata.
Stelography,The art of writing or inscribing characters on pillars.
Stem,Alt. of Steem
Stemmed,of Stem
Stemming,of Stem
Stemless,Having no stem; (Bot.) acaulescent.
Stemlet,A small or young stem.
Stemmata,of Stemma
Stemma,One of the ocelli of an insect. See Ocellus.
Stemmery,A large building in which tobacco is stemmed.
Stemple,A crossbar of wood in a shaft  serving as a step.
Stem-winder,A stem-winding watch.
Stench,To stanch.
Stenchy,Having a stench.
Stenciled,of Stencil
Stencilled,of Stencil
Stenciling,of Stencil
Stencilling,of Stencil
Stenciler,One who paints or colors in figures by means of stencil.
Stenographed,of Stenograph
Stenographing,of Stenograph
Stenograph,To write or report in stenographic characters.
Stenographer,One who is skilled in stenography; a writer of shorthand.
Stenographic,Alt. of Stenographical
Stenographical,Of or pertaining to stenography.
Stenographist,A stenographer.
Stenophyllous,Having narrow leaves.
Stente,of Stent
Stent,of Stent
Stenting,An opening in a wall in a coal mine.
Stentorin,A blue coloring matter found in some stentors. See Stentor  2.
Stentorious,Stentorian.
Stentoronic,Stentorian.
Stentorophonic,Speaking or sounding very loud; stentorian.
Stepped,of Step
Stepping,of Step
Stepchild,A bereaved child; one who has lost father or mother.
Stepdame,A stepmother.
Stepdaughter,A daughter of one's wife or husband by a former marriage.
Stepfather,The husband of one's mother by a subsequent marriage.
Stepladder,A portable set of steps.
Stepmother,The wife of one's father by a subsequent marriage.
Stepparent,Stepfather or stepmother.
Stepper,One who  or that which steps; as a quick stepper.
Stepson,A son of one's husband or wife by a former marriage.
Stercolin,Same as Serolin (b).
Stercoranism,The doctrine or belief of the Stercoranists.
Stercorarian,A Stercoranist.
Stercorary,A place  properly secured from the weather for containing dung.
Stercorate,Excrement; dung.
Stercoration,Manuring with dung.
Stercorianism,The doctrine or belief of the Stercoranists.
Stercorin,Same as Serolin (b).
Stercory,Excrement; dung.
Sterelmintha,Same as Platyelminthes.
Stereo-chemic,Alt. of Stereo-chemical
Stereochrome,Stereochromic picture.
Stereochromic,Pertaining to the art of stereochromy; produced by stereochromy.
Stereographic,Alt. of Stereographical
Stereographically,In a stereographical manner; by delineation on a plane.
Stereometric,Alt. of Stereometrical
Stereoscopic,Alt. of Stereoscopical
Stereoscopist,One skilled in the use or construction of stereoscopes.
Stereostatic,Geostatic.
Stereotomic,Alt. of Stereotomical
Stereotomical,Of or pertaining to stereotomy; performed by stereotomy.
Stereotyped,of Stereotype
Stereotyping,of Stereotype
Stereotypery,The art  process or employment of making stereotype plates.
Stereotypic,Of or pertaining to stereotype  or stereotype plates.
Stereotypist,A stereotyper.
Stereotypographer,A stereotype printer.
Stereotypography,The act or art of printing from stereotype plates.
Stereotypy,The art or process of making stereotype plates.
Sterility,The quality or condition of being sterile.
Sterilized,of Sterilize
Sterilizing,of Sterilize
Sterling,Same as Starling  3.
Stern,The black tern.
Sternage,Stern.
Sternal,Of or pertaining to the sternum; in the region of the sternum.
Sternebrae,of Sternebra
Sternebra,One of the segments of the sternum.
Sterner,A director.
Sternite,The sternum of an arthropod somite.
Sternly,In a stern manner.
Sternness,The quality or state of being stern.
Sternocoracoid,Of or pertaining to the sternum and the coracoid.
Sternohyoid,Of or pertaining to the sternum and the hyoid bone or cartilage.
Sternomastoid,Of or pertaining to the sternum and the mastoid process.
Sternothyroid,Of or pertaining to the sternum and the thyroid cartilage.
Sternsman,A steersman.
Sterna,of Sternum
Sternums,of Sternum
Sternutation,The act of sneezing.
Sternutative,Having the quality of provoking to sneeze.
Sternutatory,Sternutative.
Sternway,The movement of a ship backward  or with her stern foremost.
Stern-wheel,Having a paddle wheel at the stern; as  a stern-wheel steamer.
Stern-wheeler,A steamboat having a stern wheel instead of side wheels.
Sterquilinous,Pertaining to a dunghill; hence  mean; dirty; paltry.
Sterre,A star.
Stert,Started.
Sterte,p. p. of Start.
Stertorious,Stertorous.
Sterve,To die  or cause to die; to perish. See Starve.
Stetted,of Stet
Stetting,of Stet
Stethograph,See Pneumatograph.
Stethoscopic,Alt. of Stethoscopical
Stethoscopist,One skilled in the use of the stethoscope.
Stethoscopy,The art or process of examination by the stethoscope.
Steve,To pack or stow  as cargo in a ship's hold. See Steeve.
Steven,Voice; speech; language.
Stewed,of Stew
Stewing,of Stew
Stewardly,In a manner  or with the care of a steward.
Stewardship,The office of a steward.
Stewartry,An overseer or superintendent.
Stewish,Suiting a stew  or brothel.
Stewpan,A pan used for stewing.
Stewpot,A pot used for stewing.
Stey,See Stee.
Stian,A sty on the eye. See Styan.
Stibborn,Stubborn.
Stibial,Like  or having the qualities of antimony; antimonial.
Stibialism,Antimonial intoxication or poisoning.
Stibiated,Combined or impregnated with antimony (stibium).
Stibious,Antimonious.
Stibium,The technical name of antimony.
Stich,A verse  of whatever measure or number of feet.
Stichida,of Stichidium
Stichomancy,Divination by lines  or passages of books taken at hazard.
Stichometry,Measurement of books by the number of lines which they contain.
Stichwort,A kind of chickweed (Stellaria Holostea).
Stuck,of Stick
Sticked,of Stick
Sticking,of Stick
Sticker,One who  or that which sticks; as a bill sticker.
Stickfuls,of Stickful
Stickful,As much set type as fills a composing stick.
Stickit,Stuck; spoiled in making.
Stick-lac,See the Note under Lac.
Stickled,of Stickle
Stickling,of Stickle
Stickle,To separate combatants by intervening.
Stickler,One who stickles.
Sticktail,The ruddy duck.
Stick-tight,Beggar's ticks.
Stiddy,An anvil; also  a smith shop. See Stithy.
Stiff-backed,Obstinate.
Stiffened,of Stiffen
Stiffening,of Stiffen
Stiff-hearted,Obstinate; stubborn; contumacious.
Stiffish,Somewhat stiff.
Stiffly,In a stiff manner.
Stiff-neckedness,The quality or state of being stiff-necked; stubbornness.
Stifftail,The ruddy duck.
Stiff-tailed,Having the quill feathers of the tail somewhat rigid.
Stifled,of Stifle
Stifling,of Stifle
Stifler,One who  or that which stifles.
Stigmas,of Stigma
Stigmata,of Stigma
Stigma,A mark made with a burning iron; a brand.
Stigmaria,The fossil root stem of a coal plant of the genus Sigillaria.
Stigmatically,With a stigma  or mark of infamy or deformity.
Stigmatization,The act of stigmatizing.
Stigmatized,of Stigmatize
Stigmatizing,of Stigmatize
Stigmatose,Same as Stigmatic.
Stigonomancy,Divination by writing on the bark of a tree.
Stike,Stanza.
Stilar,Of or pertaining to the style of a dial.
Stilet,A stiletto.
Stilettos,of Stiletto
Stiletto,A kind of dagger with a slender  rounded and pointed blade.
Stilettoed,of Stiletto
Stilettoing,of Stiletto
Stilled,of Still
Stilling,of Still
Stillage,A low stool to keep the goods from touching the floor.
Stillatitious,Falling in drops; drawn by a still.
Stillatory,An alembic; a vessel for distillation.
Stillbirth,The birth of a dead fetus.
Stillborn,Dead at the birth; as  a stillborn child.
Still-closing,Ever closing.
Stiller,One who stills  or quiets.
Stillhouse,A house in which distillation is carried on; a distillery.
Stillicidious,Falling in drops.
Stilliform,Having the form of a drop.
Stillroom,A room for distilling.
Stillstand,A standstill.
Stilly,Still; quiet; calm.
Stilted,of Stilt
Stilting,of Stilt
Stiltbird,See Stilt  n. 3.
Stiltify,To raise upon stilts  or as upon stilts; to stilt.
Stilty,Unreasonably elevated; pompous; stilted; as  a stilty style.
Stime,A slight gleam or glimmer; a glimpse.
Stimulant,Serving to stimulate.
Stimulated,of Stimulate
Stimulating,of Stimulate
Stimulation,The act of stimulating  or the state of being stimulated.
Stimulative,Having the quality of stimulating.
Stimulator,One who stimulates.
Stimulatress,A woman who stimulates.
Stimuli,of Stimulus
Stung,of Sting
Stinging,of Sting
Stingaree,Any sting ray. See under 6th Ray.
Stinger,One who  or that which stings.
Stingfish,The weever.
Stingily,In a stingy manner.
Stinginess,The quality or state of being stingy.
Stingless,Having no sting.
Stingo,Old beer; sharp or strong liquor.
Stingtail,A sting ray.
Stingy,Stinging; able to sting.
Stunk,of Stink
Stinking,of Stink
Stinkard,A mean  stinking paltry fellow.
Stinker,One who  or that which stinks.
Stinkhorn,A kind of fungus of the genus Phallus  which emits a fetid odor.
Stinkingly,In a stinking manner; with an offensive smell.
Stinkweed,Stramonium. See Jamestown weed  and Datura.
Stinted,of Stint
Stinting,of Stint
Stintance,Restraint; stoppage.
Stintedness,The state of being stinted.
Stinter,One who  or that which stints.
Stintless,Without stint or restraint.
Stipe,The stalk or petiole of a frond  as of a fern.
Stipel,The stipule of a leaflet.
Stipellate,Having stipels.
Stipendiarian,Acting from mercenary considerations; stipendiary.
Stipendiaries,of Stipendiary
Stipendiate,To provide with a stipend  or salary; to support; to pay.
Stipendless,Having no stipend.
Stipites,of Stipes
Stipes,The second joint of a maxilla of an insect or a crustacean.
Stipitiform,Having the shape of a stalk; stalklike.
Stippled,of Stipple
Stippling,of Stipple
Stiptic,See Styptic.
Stipulas,of Stipula
Stipulae,of Stipula
Stipula,A stipule.
Stipulaceous,Alt. of Stipular
Stipulary,Of or pertaining to stipules; stipular.
Stipulate,Furnished with stipules; as  a stipulate leaf.
Stipulated,of Stipulate
Stipulating,of Stipulate
Stipulator,One who stipulates  contracts or covenants.
Stipuled,Furnished with stipules  or leafy appendages.
Stirred,of Stir
Stirring,of Stir
Stir,To change the place of in any manner; to move.
Stiriated,Adorned with pendants like icicles.
Stirious,Resembling icicles.
Stirk,A young bullock or heifer.
Stirless,Without stirring; very quiet; motionless.
Stirp,Stock; race; family.
Stirpiculture,The breeding of special stocks or races.
Stirpes,of Stirps
Stirps,Stock; race; family.
Stirrage,The act of stirring; stir; commotion.
Stirt,Started; leaped.
Stirte,imp. of Start  v. i. & t.
Stitched,of Stitch
Stitching,of Stitch
Stitchel,A kind of hairy wool.
Stitcher,One who stitches; a seamstress.
Stitchery,Needlework; -- in contempt.
Stitchwort,See Stichwort.
Stith,Strong; stiff; rigid.
Stithy,An anvil.
Stived,of Stive
Stiving,of Stive
Stives,Stews; a brothel.
Stoak,To stop; to choke.
Stocah,A menial attendant.
Stoccade,See Stockade.
Stoccado,A stab; a thrust with a rapier.
Stochastic,Conjectural; able to conjecture.
Stocked,of Stock
Stocking,of Stock
Stockaded,of Stockade
Stockading,of Stockade
Stock-blind,Blind as a stock; wholly blind.
Stockbroker,A broker who deals in stocks.
Stocker,One who makes or fits stocks  as of guns or gun carriages etc.
Stockinger,A stocking weaver.
Stockish,Like a stock; stupid; blockish.
Stockmen,of Stockman
Stock-still,Still as a stock  or fixed post; perfectly still.
Stocky,Short and thick; thick rather than tall or corpulent.
Stodgy,Wet.
Stoechiology,Alt. of Stoechiometry
Stoechiometry,See Stoichiology  Stoichiometry etc.
Stoichiological,Of or pertaining to stoichiology.
Stoichiometric,Alt. of Stoichiometrical
Stoicism,The opinions and maxims of the Stoics.
Stoicity,Stoicism.
Stoke,To stick; to thrust; to stab.
Stokey,Close; sultry.
Stolae,of Stola
Stola,A long garment  descending to the ankles worn by Roman women.
Stoled,Having or wearing a stole.
Stolidness,Same as Stolidity.
Stoloniferous,Producing stolons; putting forth suckers.
Stomata,of Stoma
Stomached,of Stomach
Stomaching,of Stomach
Stomachal,Of or pertaining to the stomach; gastric.
Stomacher,One who stomachs.
Stomachful,Willfully obstinate; stubborn; perverse.
Stomachic,Alt. of Stomachical
Stomachical,Of or pertaining to the stomach; as  stomachic vessels.
Stomachless,Being without a stomach.
Stomachous,Stout; sullen; obstinate.
Stomachy,Obstinate; sullen; haughty.
Stomapod,One of the Stomapoda.
Stomate,A stoma.
Stomatic,Of or pertaining to a stoma; of the nature of a stoma.
Stomatiferous,Having or producing stomata.
Stomatitis,Inflammation of the mouth.
Stomatoda,A division of Protozoa in which a mouthlike opening exists.
Stomatodaeum,Same as Stomodaeum.
Stomatode,Having a mouth; -- applied to certain Protozoa.
Stomatopod,One of the Stomatopoda.
Stomatopoda,Same as Stomapoda.
Stomatopodous,Of or pertaining to the Stomatopoda.
Stomatoscope,An apparatus for examining the interior of the mouth.
Stomatous,Having a stoma.
Stomodaeum,A part of the alimentary canal. See under Mesenteron.
Stomp,To stamp with the foot.
Stond,Stop; halt; hindrance.
Stoned,of Stone
Stoning,of Stone
Stonebird,The yellowlegs; -- called also stone snipe. See Tattler  2.
Stone-blind,As blind as a stone; completely blind.
Stonebow,A kind of crossbow formerly used for shooting stones.
Stonebrash,A subsoil made up of small stones or finely-broken rock; brash.
Stonebrearer,A machine for crushing or hammering stone.
Stonebuck,See Steinbock.
Stone-cold,Cold as a stone.
Stonecray,A distemper in hawks.
Stonecrop,A sort of tree.
Stonecutting,Hewing or dressing stone.
Stone-dead,As dead as a stone.
Stone-deaf,As deaf as a stone; completely deaf.
Stonegall,See Stannel.
Stonehatch,The ring plover  or dotterel.
Stone-hearted,Hard-hearted; cruel; pitiless; unfeeling.
Stone-horse,Stallion.
Stoner,One who stones; one who makes an assault with stones.
Stonerunner,The ring plover  or the ringed dotterel.
Stonesmickle,The stonechat; -- called also stonesmitch.
Stone-still,As still as a stone.
Stoneware,A species of coarse potter's ware  glazed and baked.
Stonework,Work or wall consisting of stone; mason's work of stone.
Stonily,In a stony manner.
Stoniness,The quality or state of being stony.
Stonish,Stony.
Stooked,of Stook
Stooking,of Stook
Stoom,To stum.
Stooped,of Stoop
Stooping,of Stoop
Stooper,One who stoops.
Stoor,To rise in clouds  as dust.
Stor,Strong; powerful; hardy; bold; audacious.
Stopped,of Stop
Stopping,of Stop
Stoped,of Stope
Stoping,of Stope
Stopen,Stepped; gone; advanced.
Stopless,Not to be stopped.
Stoppered,of Stopper
Stoppering,of Stopper
Stoppled,of Stopple
Stoppling,of Stopple
Stored,of Store
Storing,of Store
Storer,One who lays up or forms a store.
Storey,See Story.
Storial,Historical.
Storied,Told in a story.
Storier,A relater of stories; an historian.
Storify,To form or tell stories of; to narrate or describe in a story.
Stork-billed,Having a bill like that of the stork.
Stormed,of Storm
Storming,of Storm
Storm-beat,Beaten  injured or impaired by storms.
Stormcock,The missel thrush.
Stormfinch,The storm petrel.
Stormful,Abounding with storms.
Stormily,In a stormy manner.
Stormless,Without storms.
Stormwind,A heavy wind; a wind that brings a storm; the blast of a storm.
Storven,p. p. of Starve.
Stories,of Story
Storying,of Story
Story-telling,Being accustomed to tell stories.
Story-writer,One who writes short stories  as for magazines.
Stot,A horse.
Stote,See Stoat.
Stound,To be in pain or sorrow.
Stoup,A flagon; a vessel or measure for liquids.
Stour,A battle or tumult; encounter; combat; disturbance; passion.
Stout-hearted,Having a brave heart; courageous.
Stoutish,Somewhat stout; somewhat corpulent.
Stoutness,The state or quality of being stout.
Stoved,of Stove
Stoving,of Stove
Stovehouse,A hothouse.
Stover,Fodder for cattle  especially straw or coarse hay.
Stowed,of Stow
Stowing,of Stow
Stowboard,A place into which rubbish is put.
Stowce,A windlass.
Stowre,See Stour  a.
Strabism,Strabismus.
Strabismometer,An instrument for measuring the amount of strabismus.
Straddled,of Straddle
Straddling,of Straddle
Stradometrical,Of  or relating to the measuring of streets or roads.
Straggled,of Straggle
Straggling,of Straggle
Stragglingly,In a straggling manner.
Stragula,of Stragulum
Stragulum,The mantle  or pallium of a bird.
Straight,A variant of Strait  a.
Straighted,of Straighten
Straighting,of Straighten
Straighten,To make straight; to reduce from a crooked to a straight form.
Straightener,One who  or that which straightens.
Straightforth,Straightway.
Straighthorn,An orthoceras.
Straight-joint,Having straight joints.
Straight-lined,Having straight lines.
Straightly,In a right line; not crookedly.
Straight-pight,Straight in form or upright in position; erect.
Straight-spoken,Speaking with directness; plain-spoken.
Straightway,Immediately; without loss of time; without delay.
Straightways,Straightway.
Straik,A strake.
Strain,Race; stock; generation; descent; family.
Strained,of Strain
Straining,of Strain
Strainable,Capable of being strained.
Strainably,Violently.
Strainer,One who strains.
Straint,Overexertion; excessive tension; strain.
Strait,A variant of Straight.
Straits,of Strait
Straitened,of Straiten
Straitening,of Straiten
Straiten,To make strait; to make narrow; hence  to contract; to confine.
Strait-handed,Parsimonious; sparing; niggardly.
Strait-laced,Bound with stays.
Straitly,In a strait manner; narrowly; strictly; rigorously.
Strait-waistcoat,Same as Strait-jacket.
Strake,imp. of Strike.
Strale,Pupil of the eye.
Stram,To spring or recoil with violence.
Stramash,To strike  beat or bang; to break; to destroy.
Stramazoun,A direct descending blow with the edge of a sword.
Stramineous,Strawy; consisting of straw.
Stramony,Stramonium.
Stranded,of Strand
Stranding,of Strand
Strang,Strong.
Strange,Belonging to another country; foreign.
Stranger,One who is strange  foreign or unknown.
Strangled,of Strangle
Strangling,of Strangle
Strangleable,Capable of being strangled.
Strangler,One who  or that which strangles.
Strangulate,Strangulated.
Strangulation,The act of strangling  or the state of being strangled.
Strangurious,Of or pertaining to strangury.
Strany,The guillemot.
Strapped,of Strap
Strapping,of Strap
Strappadoes,of Strappado
Strapper,One who uses strap.
Strapple,To hold or bind with  or as with a strap; to entangle.
Strap-shaped,Shaped like a strap; ligulate; as  a strap-shaped corolla.
Strata,pl. of Stratum.
Stratagemical,Containing stratagem; as  a stratagemical epistle.
Strategetic,Alt. of Strategetical
Strategetical,Strategic.
Strategetics,Strategy.
Strategic,Alt. of Strategical
Strategical,Of or pertaining to strategy; effected by artifice.
Strategics,Strategy.
Strategi,of Strategus
Strategus,The leader or commander of an army; a general.
Stratiform,Having the form of strata.
Stratifying,of Stratify
Stratigraphic,Alt. of Stratigraphical
Stratographic,Alt. of Stratographical
Stratographical,Of or pertaining to stratography.
Stratography,A description of an army  or of what belongs to an army.
Stratonic,Of or pertaining to an army.
Stratotic,Warlike; military.
Stratums,of Stratum
Straught,imp. & p. p. of Stretch.
Straw,To spread or scatter. See Strew  and Strow.
Strawboard,Pasteboard made of pulp of straw.
Straw-colored,Being of a straw color. See Straw color  under Straw n.
Straw-cutter,An instrument to cut straw for fodder.
Strawed,imp. & p. p. of Straw.
Strawworm,A caddice worm.
Strawy,Of or pertaining to straw; made of  or resembling straw.
Strayed,of Stray
Straying,of Stray
Strayer,One who strays; a wanderer.
Stre,Straw.
Streak,To stretch; to extend; hence  to lay out as a dead body.
Streaked,of Streak
Streaking,of Streak
Streaky,Same as Streaked  1.
Streamed,of Stream
Streaming,of Stream
Streamful,Abounding in streams  or in water.
Streaminess,The state of being streamy; a trailing.
Streamlet,A small stream; a rivulet; a rill.
Streamy,Abounding with streams  or with running water; streamful.
Stree,Straw.
Streek,To stretch; also  to lay out as a dead body. See Streak.
Streen,See Strene.
Streetwalker,A common prostitute who walks the streets to find customers.
Streetward,An officer  or ward having the care of the streets.
Streight,n.  & adv. See 2nd Strait.
Streighten,See Straiten.
Strein,To strain.
Streit,Drawn.
Streite,Narrowly; strictly; straitly.
Strene,Race; offspring; stock; breed; strain.
Strenger,Alt. of Strengest
Strengest,the original compar. & superl. of Strong.
Strengthened,of Strengthen
Strengthening,of Strengthen
Strengthener,One who  or that which gives or adds strength.
Strengthful,Abounding in strength; full of strength; strong.
Strengthing,A stronghold.
Strengthless,Destitute of strength.
Strengthner,See Strengthener.
Strengthy,Having strength; strong.
Strenuity,Strenuousness; activity.
Strepent,Noisy; loud.
Streperous,Loud; boisterous.
Strepsipter,Alt. of Strepsipteran
Strepsipteran,One of the Strepsiptera.
Strepsipterous,Of or pertaining to Strepsiptera.
Strepsorhina,Same as Lemuroidea.
Strepsorhine,Having twisted nostrils; -- said of the lemurs.
Streptococci,of Streptococcus
Streptococcus,A long or short chain of micrococci  more or less curved.
Stress,Distress.
Stressful,Having much stress.
Stretched,of Stretch
Stretching,of Stretch
Stretch,To reach out; to extend; to put forth.
Stretcher,One who  or that which stretches.
Stretto,The crowding of answer upon subject near the end of a fugue.
Strewed,of Strew
strewn,of Strew
Strewing,of Strew
Strewment,Anything scattered  as flowers for decoration.
Strewn,p. p. of Strew.
Striae,of Stria
Striated,of Striate
Striating,of Striate
Striate,To mark with striaae.
Striation,The quality or condition of being striated.
Striatum,The corpus striatum.
Striature,A stria.
Strich,An owl.
Strick,A bunch of hackled flax prepared for drawing into slivers.
Stricken,Struck; smitten; wounded; as  the stricken deer.
Strickler,See Strickle.
Strickless,See Strickle.
Striction,The act of constricting  or the state of being constricted.
Strictly,In a strict manner; closely; precisely.
Strictness,Quality or state of being strict.
Stricture,Strictness.
Strictured,Affected with a stricture; as  a strictured duct.
Strode,of Stride
Stridden,of Stride
Striding,of Stride
Strident,Characterized by harshness; grating; shrill.
Stridor,A harsh  shrill or creaking noise.
Stridulate,To make a shrill  creaking noise
Stridulation,The act of stridulating.
Stridulator,That which stridulates.
Stridulous,Making a shrill  creaking sound.
Strife,The act of striving; earnest endeavor.
Strifeful,Contentious; discordant.
Strigate,Having transverse bands of color.
Striges,The tribe of birds which comprises the owls.
Strigillose,Set with stiff  slender bristles.
Strigine,Of or pertaining to owls; owl-like.
Strigment,Scraping; that which is scraped off.
Strigose,Set with stiff  straight bristles; hispid; as a strigose leaf.
Strigous,Strigose.
Struck,of Strike
Stroock,of Strike
Strucken,of Strike
Striking,of Strike
Strikle,See Strickle.
Strung,of String
Stringed,of String
Stringing,of String
Stringboard,Same as Stringpiece.
Stringency,The quality or state of being stringent.
Stringendo,Urging or hastening the time  as to a climax.
Stringiness,Quality of being stringy.
Stringless,Having no strings.
Stripped,of Strip
Stripping,of Strip
Striped,of Stripe
Striping,of Stripe
Strip-leaf,Tobacco which has been stripped of its stalks before packing.
Strippet,A small stream.
Strove,of Strive
Striven,of Strive
Striving,of Strive
Strived,Striven.
Striver,One who strives.
Strix,One of the flutings of a column.
Stroam,To wander about idly and vacantly.
Strobilae,of Strobila
Strobilaceous,Of or pertaining to a strobile or cone.
Strobiliform,Shaped like a strobile.
Strockle,A shovel with a turned-up edge  for frit sand etc.
Stroke,Struck.
Strokeed,of Stroke
Strokeing,of Stroke
Stroker,One who strokes; also  one who pretends to cure by stroking.
Strokesman,of Strokesman
Strolled,of Stroll
Strolling,of Stroll
Stroll,To wander on foot; to ramble idly or leisurely; to rove.
Stroller,One who strolls; a vagrant.
Stromata,of Stroma
Stromatic,Miscellaneous; composed of different kinds.
Stromatology,The history of the formation of stratified rocks.
Strombite,A fossil shell of the genus Strombus.
Stromboid,Of  pertaining to or like Strombus.
Strombuliform,Formed or shaped like a top.
Strond,Strand; beach.
Stronghand,Violence; force; power.
Strongish,Somewhat strong.
Strong-water,An acid.
Strongylid,Strongyloid.
Strontian,Strontia.
Strontitic,Strontic.
Strook,imp. of Strike.
Stroot,To swell out; to strut.
Strop,A strap; specifically  same as Strap 3.
Stropped,of Strop
Stropping,of Strop
Strophes,of Strophe
Strophic,Pertaining to  containing or consisting of strophes.
Strophiolate,Alt. of Strophiolated
Strophulus,See Red-gum  1.
Strout,To swell; to puff out; to project.
Strowed,of Strow
Strown,of Strow
Strow,Same as Strew.
Strowl,To stroll.
Stroy,To destroy.
Structurist,One who forms structures; a builder; a constructor.
Strude,A stock of breeding mares.
Struggled,of Struggle
Struggling,of Struggle
Struggler,One who struggles.
Strull,A bar so placed as to resist weight.
Strummed,of Strum
Strumming,of Strum
Struma,Scrofula.
Strumatic,Scrofulous; strumous.
Strumose,Strumous.
Strumous,Scrofulous; having struma.
Strumousness,The state of being strumous.
Strumpet,A prostitute; a harlot.
Strumstrum,A rude musical instrument somewhat like a cittern.
Strunt,Spirituous liquor.
Struntian,A kind of worsted braid  about an inch broad.
Struse,A Russian river craft used for transporting freight.
Strutted,of Strut
Strutting,of Strut
Strut,To swell; to bulge out.
Struthian,Struthious.
Struthiones,of Struthio
Struthio,A genus of birds including the African ostriches.
Struthioidea,Same as Struthiones.
Struthionine,Struthious.
Struthious,Of or pertaining to the Struthiones  or Ostrich tribe.
Strutter,One who struts.
Strychnia,Strychnine.
Stubbed,of Stub
Stubbing,of Stub
Stubbedness,The quality or state of being stubbed.
Stubbiness,The state of being stubby.
Stubbled,Covered with stubble.
Stubbly,Covered with stubble; stubbled.
Stubby,Abounding with stubs.
Stuccoes,of Stucco
Stuccos,of Stucco
Stuccoed,of Stucco
Stuccoing,of Stucco
Stuccoer,One who stuccoes.
Stuccowork,Work done in stucco.
Stuckle,A number of sheaves set together in the field; a stook.
Stuck-up,Self-important and supercilious  /onceited; vain; arrogant.
Studded,of Stud
Studding,of Stud
Studentry,A body of students.
Studentship,The state of being a student.
Stud-horse,A stallion  esp. one kept for breeding.
Studiedly,In a studied manner.
Studier,A student.
Studios,of Studio
Studio,The working room of an artist.
Studies,of Study
Studying,of Study
Stufa,A jet of steam issuing from a fissure in the earth.
Stuff,Material which is to be worked up in any process of manufacture.
Stuffed,of Stuff
Stuffing,of Stuff
Stuffer,One who  or that which stuffs.
Stuffiness,The quality of being stuffy.
Stuffy,Stout; mettlesome; resolute.
Stuke,Stucco.
Stulm,A shaft or gallery to drain a mine.
Stulp,A short  stout post used for any purpose a to mark a boundary.
Stultification,The act of stultifying  or the state of being stultified.
Stultifier,One who stultifies.
Stultified,of Stultify
Stultifying,of Stultify
Stultiloquence,Silly talk; babbling.
Stultiloquent,Given to  or characterized by silly talk; babbling.
Stultiloquy,Foolish talk; silly discource; babbling.
Stulty,Foolish; silly.
Stummed,of Stum
Stumming,of Stum
Stumbled,of Stumble
Stumbling,of Stumble
Stumbler,One who stumbles.
Stumbling-block,Any cause of stumbling  perplexity or error.
Stumblingly,In a stumbling manner.
Stumbling-stone,A stumbling-block.
Stumped,of Stump
Stumping,of Stump
Stumper,One who stumps.
Stumpiness,The state of being stumpy.
Stump-tailed,Having a short  thick tail.
Stumpy,Full of stumps; hard; strong.
Stunned,of Stun
Stunning,of Stun
Stunner,One who  or that which stuns.
Stunsail,A contraction of Studding sail.
Stunted,of Stunt
Stunting,of Stunt
Stuntness,Stuntedness; brevity.
Stupa,A mound or monument commemorative of Buddha.
Stuped,of Stupe
Stuping,of Stupe
Stupefacient,Producing stupefaction; stupefactive.
Stupefaction,The act of stupefying  or the state of being stupefied.
Stupefactive,Same as Stupefacient.
Stupefied,Having been made stupid.
Stupefiedness,Quality of being stupid.
Stupefier,One who  or that which stupefies; a stupefying agent.
Stupefying,of Stupefy
Stupify,See Stupefy.
Stuprate,To ravish; to debauch.
Stupration,Violation of chastity by force; rape.
Stuprum,Stupration.
Sturb,To disturb.
Sturdily,In a sturdy manner.
Sturdiness,Quality of being sturdy.
Sturiones,An order of fishes including the sturgeons.
Sturionian,One of the family of fishes of which the sturgeon is the type.
Sturk,See Stirk.
Sturnoid,Like or pertaining to the starlings.
Sturt,To vex; to annoy; to startle.
Sturtion,A corruption of Nasturtion.
Stut,To stutter.
Stuttered,of Stutter
Stuttering,of Stutter
Stutterer,One who stutters; a stammerer.
Sties,of Sty
Sty,A pen or inclosure for swine.
Stied,of Sty
Stying,of Sty
Styan,See Sty  a boil.
Stye,See Sty  a boil.
Stygial,Stygian.
Stylar,See Stilar.
Styled,of Style
Styling,of Style
Stylet,A small poniard; a stiletto.
Styliferous,Bearing one or more styles.
Styliform,Having the form of  or resembling a style pin or pen; styloid.
Stylistic,Of or pertaining to style in language.
Styloglossal,Of or pertaining to styloid process and the tongue.
Stylograph,A stylographic pen.
Stylographical,Same as Stylographic  1.
Stylohyoid,Of or pertaining to the styloid process and the hyoid bone.
Styloid,Styliform; as  the styloid process.
Stylomaxillary,Of or pertaining to the styloid process and the maxilla.
Stylometer,An instrument for measuring columns.
Stylommata,Same as Stylommatophora.
Stylommatophorous,Of or pertaining to Stylommatophora.
Stylopodia,of Stylopodium
Stylus,An instrument for writing. See Style  n. 1.
Styphnate,A salt of styphnic acid.
Styptical,Styptic; astringent.
Stypticity,The quality or state of being styptic; astringency.
Styrol,See Styrolene.
Stythe,Choke damp.
Stythy,See Stithy.
Suade,To persuade.
Suadible,Suasible.
Suage,To assuage.
Suant,Spread equally over the surface; uniform; even.
Suasible,Capable of being persuaded; easily persuaded.
Suasion,The act of persuading; persuasion; as  moral suasion.
Suasive,Having power to persuade; persuasive; suasory.
Suasory,Tending to persuade; suasive.
Suavified,of Suavify
Suavifying,of Suavify
Suavify,To make affable or suave.
Suaviloquent,Sweetly speaking; using agreeable speech.
Suaviloquy,Sweetness of speech.
Suavity,Sweetness to the taste.
Sub,A subordinate; a subaltern.
Subacid,Moderately acid or sour; as  some plants have subacid juices.
Subacrid,Moderalely acrid or harsh.
Subacromial,Situated beneath the acromial process of the scapula.
Subact,To reduce; to subdue.
Subacute,Moderalely acute.
Subaduncate,Somewhat hooked or curved.
Subadvocate,An under or subordinate advocate.
Subagency,A subordinate agency.
Subagitation,Unlawful sexual intercourse.
Subash,A province; a government  as of a viceroy; also a subahdar.
Subashdary,Alt. of Subashship
Subashship,The office or jurisdiction of a subahdar.
Subaid,To aid secretly; to assist in a private manner  or indirectly.
Subalmoner,An under almoner.
Subalternant,A universal proposition. See Subaltern  2.
Subalternate,Succeeding by turns; successive.
Subalternating,Subalternate; successive.
Subangular,Slightly angular.
Subaquaneous,Subaqueous.
Subaquatic,Alt. of Subaqueous
Subarachnoid,Alt. of Subarachnoidal
Subarachnoidal,Situated under the arachnoid membrane.
Subarcuate,Alt. of Subarcuated
Subarytenoid,Situated under the arytenoid cartilage of the larynx.
Subastral,Beneath the stars or heavens; terrestrial.
Subastringent,Somewhat astringent.
Subaud,To understand or supply in an ellipsis.
Subaxillary,Situated under the axilla  or armpit.
Subbasal,Near the base.
Subbeadle,An under beadle.
Subbrachial,Of or pertaining to the subbrachians.
Subbrachian,One of the Subbrachiales.
Subcaliber,Smaller than the caliber of a firearm.
Subcartilaginous,Situated under or beneath a cartilage or cartilages.
Subcelestial,Being beneath the heavens; as  subcelestial glories.
Subcentral,Under the center.
Subcircular,Nearly circular.
Subcolumnar,Having an imperfect or interrupted columnar structure.
Subcommittee,An under committee; a part or division of a committee.
Subcompressed,Not fully compressed; partially or somewhat compressed.
Subconcave,Slightly concave.
Subconformable,Partially conformable.
Subconical,Slightly conical.
Subconjunctival,Situated under the conjunctiva.
Subconstellation,A subordinate constellation.
Subcontract,A contract under  or subordinate to a previous contract.
Subcontracted,Contracted after a former contract.
Subcontrary,Contrary in an inferior degree.
Subcontraries,of Subcontrary
Subcordate,Somewhat cordate; somewhat like a heart in shape.
Subcorneous,Situated under a horny part or layer.
Subcostal,Situated below the costas  or ribs; as the subcostal muscles.
Subcranial,Situated under  or on the ventral side of the cranium; facial.
Subcrystalline,Imperfectly crystallized.
Subcultrate,Alt. of Subcultrated
Subcutaneous,Situated under the skin; hypodermic.
Subcuticular,Situated under the cuticle  or scarfskin.
Subcylindrical,Alt. of Subcylindric
Subcylindric,Imperfectly cylindrical; approximately cylindrical.
Subdeaconry,Alt. of Subdeaconship
Subdeaconship,The order or office of subdeacon.
Subdean,An under dean; the deputy or substitute of a dean.
Subdeanery,Office or rank of subdean.
Subdecanal,Of or pertaining to a subdean or subdeanery.
Subdecuple,Containing one part of ten.
Subdelegate,A subordinate delegate  or one with inferior powers.
Subdented,Indented beneath.
Subdepartment,A subordinate department; a bureau. See the Note under Bureau.
Subdeposit,That which is deposited beneath something else.
Subderisorious,Ridiculing with moderation.
Subdial,Of or pertaining to the open air; being under the open sky.
Subdialect,A subordinate dialect.
Subdichotomy,A subordinate  or inferior division into parts; a subdivision.
Subdilated,Partially dilated.
Subdititious,Put secretly in the place of something else; foisted in.
Subdiversify,To diversify aggain what is already diversified.
Subdivided,of Subdivide
Subdividing,of Subdivide
Subdivine,Partaking of divinity; divine in a partial or lower degree.
Subdivisible,Susceptible of subdivision.
Subdivision,The act of subdividing  or separating a part into smaller parts.
Subdolous,Sly; crafty; cunning; artful.
Subduable,Able to be subdued.
Subdual,Act of subduing.
Subduce,Alt. of Subduct
Subduct,To withdraw; to take away.
Subduction,The act of subducting or taking away.
Subdued,of Subdue
Subduing,of Subdue
Subduement,Subdual.
Subduer,One who  or that which subdues; a conqueror.
Subdulcid,Somewhat sweet; sweetish.
Subduple,Indicating one part of two; in the ratio of one to two.
Subduplicate,Expressed by the square root; -- said of ratios.
Subeditor,An assistant editor  as of a periodical or journal.
Subelongate,Not fully elongated; somewhat elongated.
Subendocardial,Situated under the endocardium.
Subendymal,Situated under the endyma.
Subepidermal,Situated immediately below the epidermis.
Subepiglottic,Situated under the epiglottis.
Subepithelial,Situated under the epithelium.
Subequal,Nearly equal.
Suberate,A salt of suberic acid.
Subereous,Of or pertaining to cork; of the nature of cork; suberose.
Suberone,The hypothetical ketone of suberic acid.
Suberose,Alt. of Suberous
Suberous,Having a corky texture.
Subesophageal,Situated beneath the esophagus.
Subfibrous,Somewhat fibrous.
Subfuscous,Duskish; moderately dark; brownish; tawny.
Subfusk,Subfuscous.
Subgelatinous,Imperfectly or partially gelatinous.
Subgeneric,Of or pertaining to a subgenus.
Subgenera,of Subgenus
Subglobose,Not quite globose.
Subglobular,Nearly globular.
Subglossal,Situated under the tongue; sublingual.
Subglumaceous,Somewhat glumaceous.
Subgovernor,A subordinate or assistant governor.
Subgranular,Somewhat granular.
Subgroup,A subdivision of a group  as of animals.
Subhastation,A public sale or auction.
Subhumerate,To place the shoulders under; to bear.
Subhyaloid,Situated under the hyaliod membrane.
Subincusation,A slight charge or accusation.
Subindices,of Subindex
Subindicate,To indicate by signs or hints; to indicate imperfectly.
Subindication,The act of indicating by signs; a slight indication.
Subindividual,A division of that which is individual.
Subinduce,To insinuate; to offer indirectly.
Subibfer,To infer from an inference already made.
Subingression,Secret entrance.
Subintestinal,Situated under  or on the ventral side of the intestine.
Subitaneous,Sudden; hasty.
Subitany,Subitaneous; sudden; hasty.
Subito,In haste; quickly; rapidly.
Subjacent,Lying under or below.
Subject,Placed or situated under; lying below  or in a lower situation.
Subjected,of Subject
Subjecting,of Subject
Subjectist,One skilled in subjective philosophy; a subjectivist.
Subjective,Of or pertaining to a subject.
Subjectivist,One who holds to subjectivism; an egoist.
Subjectless,Having no subject.
Subjectness,Quality of being subject.
Subjicible,Capable of being subjected.
Subjoined,of Subjoin
Subjoining,of Subjoin
Subjoinder,An additional remark.
Subjugated,of Subjugate
Subjugating,of Subjugate
Subjugation,The act of subjugating  or the state of being subjugated.
Subjugator,One who subjugates; a conqueror.
Subjunction,Act of subjoining  or state of being subjoined.
Subjunctive,Subjoined or added to something before said or written.
Sublapsarian,Same as Infralapsarian.
Sublapsarianism,Infralapsarianism.
Sublapsary,Sublapsarian.
Sublate,To take or carry away; to remove.
Sublation,The act of taking or carrying away; removal.
Sublative,Having power  or tending to take away.
Sublease,A lease by a tenant or lessee to another person; an underlease.
Sublessee,A holder of a sublease.
Sublet,of Sublet
Subletting,of Sublet
Sublevation,The act of raising on high; elevation.
Sublibrarian,An under or assistant librarian.
Subligation,The act of binding underneath.
Sublimable,Capable of being sublimed or sublimated.
Sublimated,of Sublimate
Sublimating,of Sublimate
Sublimatory,Used for sublimation; as  sublimatory vessels.
Sublime,Lifted up; high in place; exalted aloft; uplifted; lofty.
Sublimed,of Sublime
Subliming,of Sublime
Sublimely,In a sublime manner.
Sublimeness,The quality or state of being sublime; sublimity.
Sublimification,The act of making sublime  or state of being made sublime.
Sublimities,of Sublimity
Sublinguae,of Sublingua
Sublingua,A process or fold below the tongue in some animals.
Sublingual,Situated under the tongue; as  the sublingual gland.
Sublition,The act or process of laying the ground in a painting.
Sublittoral,Under the shore.
Sublobular,Situated under  or at the bases of the lobules of the liver.
Sublunar,Alt. of Sublunary
Subluxation,An incomplete or partial dislocation.
Submammary,Situated under the mammae; as  submammary inflammation.
Submarshal,An under or deputy marshal.
Submedial,Lying under the middle.
Submental,Situated under the chin; as  the submental artery.
Submenta,of Submentum
Submentum,The basal part of the labium of insects. It bears the mentum.
Submerged,of Submerge
Submerging,of Submerge
Submerge,To put under water; to plunge.
Submerse,Submersed.
Submersed,Being or growing under water  as the leaves of aquatic plants.
Submetallic,Imperfectly metallic; as  a submetallic luster.
Subminister,To supply; to afford.
Subministrant,Subordinate; subservient.
Subministrate,To supply; to afford; to subminister.
Subministration,The act of subministering.
Submiss,Submissive; humble; obsequious.
Submissly,In a submissive manner; with a submission.
Submissness,Submissiveness.
Submitted,of Submit
Submitting,of Submit
Submit,To let down; to lower.
Submitter,One who submits.
Submonish,To suggest; to prompt.
Submonition,Suggestion; prompting.
Submucous,Situated under a mucous membrane.
Submuscular,Situated underneath a muscle or muscles.
Subnarcotic,Moderately narcotic.
Subnascent,Growing underneath.
Subnect,To tie or fasten beneath; to join beneath.
Subnex,To subjoin; to subnect.
Subnotation,A rescript.
Subobscurely,Somewhat obscurely or darkly.
Subobtuse,Partially obtuse.
Suboctave,Alt. of Suboctuple
Suboctuple,Containing one part of eight; having the ratio of one to eight.
Subocular,Situated under  or on the ventral side of the eye.
Subofficer,An under or subordinate officer.
Subopercular,Situated below the operculum; pertaining to the suboperculum.
Suboperculum,The lower opercular bone in fishes.
Suborbicular,Alt. of Suborbiculate
Suborbiculate,Almost orbiculate or orbicular.
Suborbital,Alt. of Suborbitar
Suborbitar,Situated under or below the orbit.
Subordinance,Alt. of Subordinancy
Subordinancy,Subordinacy; subordination.
Subordinated,of Subordinate
Subordinating,of Subordinate
Suborned,of Suborn
Suborning,of Suborn
Suboval,Somewhat oval; nearly oval.
Subovated,Subovate.
Subpellucid,Somewhat pellucid; nearly pellucid.
Subpena,See Subpoena.
Subpentangular,Nearly or approximately pentangular; almost pentangular.
Subpericardial,Situated under the cardiac pericardium.
Subperiosteal,Situated under the periosteum.
Subperitoneal,Situated under the peritoneal membrane.
Subpleural,Situated under the pleural membrane.
Subpodophyllous,Situated under the podophyllous tissue of the horse's foot.
Subpoenaed,of Subpoena
Subpoenaing,of Subpoena
Subpoenal,Required or done under penalty.
Subpolar,Situated below the poles.
Subpolygonal,Approximately polygonal; somewhat or almost polygonal.
Subprehensile,Somewhat prehensile; prehensile in an inferior degree.
Subpubic,Situated under  or posterior to the pubic bones.
Subpulmonary,Situated under  or on the ventral side of the lungs.
Subpyriform,Somewhat pyriform.
Subquadrate,Nearly or approximately square; almost square.
Subquinquefid,Almost quinquefid; nearly quinquefid.
Subquintuple,Having the ratio of one to five; as  subquintuple proportion.
Subrector,An assistant restor.
Subreptitious,Surreptitious.
Subreptive,Surreptitious.
Subrigid,Somewhat rigid or stiff.
Subriguous,Watered or wet beneath; well-watered.
Subrogate,To put in the place of another; to substitute.
Subrogation,The act of subrogating.
Subrotund,Somewhat rotund.
Subsacral,Situated under  or on the ventral side of the sacrum.
Subsaline,Moderately saline or salt.
Subsalt,A basic salt. See the Note under Salt.
Subsannation,Derision; mockery.
Subscapular,Alt. of Subscapulary
Subscribable,Capable of being subscribed.
Subscribed,of Subscribe
Subscribing,of Subscribe
Subscription,The act of subscribing.
Subscriptive,Of or pertaining to a subscription  or signature.
Subsecute,To follow closely  or so as to overtake; to pursue.
Subsecutive,Following in a train or succession.
Subsellia,of Subsellium
Subsensible,Deeper than the reach of the senses.
Subseptuple,Having the ratio of one to seven.
Subsequence,Alt. of Subsequency
Subsequency,The act or state of following; -- opposed to precedence.
Subsequently,At a later time; afterwards.
Subserous,Situated under a serous membrane.
Subserved,of Subserve
Subserving,of Subserve
Subservience,Alt. of Subserviency
Subserviently,In a subservient manner.
Subsextuple,Having the ratio of one to six; as  a subsextuple proportion.
Subsided,of Subside
Subsiding,of Subside
Subside,To sink or fall to the bottom; to settle  as lees.
Subsidence,Alt. of Subsidency
Subsidency,The act or process of subsiding.
Subsidiarily,In a subsidiary manner; so as to assist.
Subsidiaries,of Subsidiary
Subsidized,of Subsidize
Subsidizing,of Subsidize
Subsidies,of Subsidy
Subsigned,of Subsign
Subsigning,of Subsign
Subsign,To sign beneath; to subscribe.
Subsinnation,The act of writing the name under something  as for attestation.
Subsilicate,A basic silicate.
Subsisted,of Subsist
Subsisting,of Subsist
Subsist,To be; to have existence; to inhere.
Subsistence,Real being; existence.
Subsistency,Subsistence.
Subsistent,Having real being; as  a subsistent spirit.
Subsizar,An under sizar; a student of lower rank than a sizar.
Subsolary,Being under the sun; hence  terrestrial; earthly; mundane.
Subspherical,Nearly spherical; having a figure resembling that of a sphere.
Subspinous,Subvertebral.
Substanceless,Having no substance; unsubstantial.
Substant,Substantial; firm.
Substantialized,of Substantialize
Substantializing,of Substantialize
Substantialize,To make substantial.
Substantially,In a substantial manner; in substance; essentially.
Substantials,Essential parts.
Substantiated,of Substantiate
Substantiating,of Substantiate
Substantiate,To make to exist; to make real.
Substantiation,The act of substantiating or proving; evidence; proof.
Substantival,Of or pertaining to a substantive; of the nature of substantive.
Substantively,In a substantive manner; in substance; essentially.
Substantiveness,The quality or state of being substantive.
Substile,See Substyle.
Substituted,of Substitute
Substituting,of Substitute
Substitutionary,Of or pertaining to substitution; substitutional.
Substract,To subtract; to withdraw.
Substraction,Subtraction; deduction.
Substractor,One who subtracts.
Substrate,A substratum.
Substrata,of Substratum
Substruct,To build beneath something; to lay as the foundation.
Substructure,Same as Substruction.
Substylar,Pertaining to the substyle.
Subsulphate,A sulphate with an excess of the base.
Subsultive,Subsultory.
Subsultory,Bounding; leaping; moving by sudden leaps or starts.
Subsultus,A starting  twitching or convulsive motion.
Subsumable,Capable of being subsumed.
Subsumption,The act of subsuming  or of including under another.
Subsumptive,Relating to  or containing a subsumption.
Subtartarean,Being or living under Tartarus; infernal.
Subtectacle,A space under a roof; a tabernacle; a dwelling.
Subtegulaneous,Under the roof or eaves; within doors.
Subtended,of Subtend
Subtending,of Subtend
Subtepid,Slightly tepid.
Subterete,Somewhat terete.
Subterfluent,Alt. of Subterfluous
Subterfluous,Running under or beneath.
Subterrane,A cave or room under ground.
Subterraneal,Subterranean.
Subterranean,Alt. of Subterraneous
Subterranity,A place under ground; a subterrany.
Subterrany,Subterranean.
Subterrene,Subterraneous.
Subterrestrial,Subterranean.
Subthalamic,Situated under the optic thalamus.
Subtiliate,To make thin or rare.
Subtilism,The quality or state of being subtile; subtility; subtlety.
Subtility,Subtilty.
Subtilization,The act of making subtile.
Subtilized,of Subtilize
Subtilizing,of Subtilize
Subtilize,To make thin or fine; to make less gross or coarse.
Subtilizer,One who subtilizes.
Subtleness,The quality or state of being subtle; subtlety.
Subtleties,of Subtlety
Subtly,In a subtle manner; slyly; artfully; cunningly.
Subtorrid,Nearly torrid.
Subtracted,of Subtract
Subtracting,of Subtract
Subtracter,One who subtracts.
Subtraction,The act or operation of subtracting or taking away a part.
Subtractive,Tending  or having power to subtract.
Subtrahend,The sum or number to be subtracted  or taken from another.
Subtranslucent,Not perfectly translucent.
Subtransparent,Not perfectly transparent.
Subtreasurer,The public officer who has charge of a subtreasury.
Subtreasuries,of Subtreasury
Subtriangular,Nearly  but not perfectly triangular.
Subtriple,Containing a third  or one part to three.
Subtriplicate,Expressed by the cube root; -- said especially of ratios.
Subtropical,Nearly tropical.
Subtruded,of Subtrude
Subtruding,of Subtrude
Subtrude,To place under; to insert.
Subturriculate,Somewhat turriculate.
Subtutor,An under tutor.
Subulate,Alt. of Subulated
Subuliform,Subulate.
Subulipalp,One of a group of carabid beetles having slender palpi.
Subumbonal,Beneath or forward of the umbos of a bivalve shell.
Subundation,A flood; a deluge.
Subungual,Under the nail or hoof.
Suburbed,Having a suburb or suburbs on its outer part.
Suburbial,Alt. of Suburbian
Suburbian,Suburban.
Suburbicarian,Alt. of Suburbicary
Suburethral,Situated under the urethra  or under its orifice.
Subvariety,A subordinate variety  or a division of a variety.
Subvened,of Subvene
Subvening,of Subvene
Subvene,To come under  as a support or stay; to happen.
Subventaneous,Produced by the wind.
Subvention,The act of coming under.
Subventionize,To come to the aid of; to subsidize; to support.
Subventitious,Helping; aiding; supporting.
Subverse,To subvert.
Subversionary,Promoting destruction.
Subversive,Tending to subvert; having a tendency to overthrow and ruin.
Subverted,of Subvert
Subverting,of Subvert
Subvert,To overturn from the foundation; to overthrow; to ruin utterly.
Subverant,Reserved.
Subverter,One who  or that which subverts; an overthrower.
Subvertible,That may be subverted.
Subvocal,Same as Subtonic.
Subworker,A subordinate worker or helper.
Subzigomatic,Situated under the zygoma or zygomatic process.
Succade,A sweetmeat.
Succedane,A succedaneum.
Succedanea,of Succedaneum
Succeeded,of Succeed
Succeeding,of Succeed
Succeedant,Succeeding one another; following.
Succeeder,A successor.
Succentor,A subchanter.
Success,Act of succeeding; succession.
Successary,Succession.
Successively,In a successive manner.
Successiveness,The quality or state of being successive.
Successless,Having no success.
Succiduous,Ready to fall; falling.
Succiferous,Producing or conveying sap.
Succinamate,A salt of succinamic acid.
Succinate,A salt of succinic acid.
Succinct,Girded or tucked up; bound; drawn tightly together.
Succinite,Amber.
Succinous,Succinic.
Succinurate,A salt of succinuric acid.
Succise,Appearing as if a part were cut off at the extremity.
Succision,The act of cutting down  as of trees; the act of cutting off.
Succored,of Succor
Succoring,of Succor
Succorable,Capable of being succored or assisted; admitting of relief.
Succorer,One who affords succor; a helper.
Succorless,Destitute of succor.
Succory,A plant of the genus Cichorium. See Chicory.
Succoteague,The squeteague.
Succubae,of Succuba
Succuba,A female demon or fiend. See Succubus.
Succubine,Of or pertaining to succuba.
Succubi,of Succubus
Succulence,Alt. of Succulency
Succulent,Full of juice; juicy.
Succulently,In a succulent manner.
Succulous,Succulent; juicy.
Succumbed,of Succumb
Succumbing,of Succumb
Succumbent,Submissive; yielding.
Succursal,Serving to aid or help; serving as a chapel of ease; tributary.
Succi,of Succus
Succus,The expressed juice of a plant  for medicinal use.
Succussation,A trot or trotting.
Suchwise,In a such a manner; so.
Sucked,of Suck
Sucking,of Suck
Suckanhock,A kind of seawan. See Note under Seawan.
Suckatash,See Succotash.
Suckered,of Sucker
Suckering,of Sucker
Sucket,A sweetmeat; a dainty morsel.
Suckfish,A sucker fish.
Suckle,A teat.
Suckled,of Suckle
Suckling,of Suckle
Suckler,An animal that suckles its young; a mammal.
Sucre,A silver coin of Ecuador  worth 68 cents.
Suctorious,Suctorial.
Sudary,A napkin or handkerchief.
Sudation,A sweating.
Sudatoria,of Sudatorium
Sudatorium,A sudatory.
Sudatory,Sweating; perspiring.
Sudatories,of Sudatory
Suddenty,Suddenness; a sudden.
Sudoral,Of or pertaining to sweat; as  sudoral eruptions.
Sudoriferous,Producing  or secreting sweat; sudoriparous.
Sudorific,Causing sweat; as  sudorific herbs.
Sudoriparous,Same as Sudoriferous.
Sudorous,Consisting of sweat.
Sued,of Sue
Suing,of Sue
Suently,Evenly; smoothly.
Suer,One who sues; a suitor.
Suety,Consisting of  or resembling suet; as a suety substance.
Suf-,A form of the prefix Sub-.
Suffered,of Suffer
Suffering,of Suffer
Sufferable,Able to suffer or endure; patient.
Sufferance,The state of suffering; the bearing of pain; endurance.
Sufficed,of Suffice
Sufficing,of Suffice
Sufficience,Sufficiently.
Suffisance,Sufficiency; plenty; abundance; contentment.
Suffisant,Sufficient.
Suffixed,of Suffix
Suffixing,of Suffix
Suffixion,The act of suffixing  or the state of being suffixed.
Suffixment,Suffixion.
Sufflate,To blow up; to inflate; to inspire.
Sufflation,The act of blowing up or inflating.
Suffocate,Suffocated; choked.
Suffocated,of Suffocate
Suffocating,of Suffocate
Suffocative,Tending or able to choke or stifle.
Suffossion,A digging under; an undermining.
Suffragan,Assisting; assistant; as  a suffragan bishop.
Suffraganship,The office of a suffragan.
Suffragant,Suffragan.
Suffragated,of Suffragate
Suffragating,of Suffragate
Suffragate,To vote or vote with.
Suffragator,One who assists or favors by his vote.
Suffraginous,Of or pertaining to the hock of a beast.
Suffrago,The heel joint.
Suffrance,Sufferance.
Suffrutescent,Slightly woody at the base.
Suffruticous,Suffruticose.
Suffumigated,of Suffumigate
Suffumigating,of Suffumigate
Suffumigation,The operation of suffumigating.
Suffumige,A medical fume.
Suffused,of Suffuse
Suffusing,of Suffuse
Sufi,A title or surname of the king of Persia.
Sug,A kind of worm or larva.
Sugared,of Sugar
Sugaring,of Sugar
Sugariness,The quality or state of being sugary  or sweet.
Sugarless,Without sugar; free from sugar.
Sugarplum,A kind of candy or sweetneat made up in small balls or disks.
Sugary,Resembling or containing sugar; tasting of sugar; sweet.
Sugescent,Of or pertaining to sucking.
Suggested,of Suggest
Suggesting,of Suggest
Suggester,One who suggests.
Suggestion,The act of suggesting; presentation of an idea.
Suggestive,Containing a suggestion  hint or intimation.
Suggestment,Suggestion.
Suggestress,A woman who suggests.
Suggil,To defame.
Suggillate,To beat livid  or black and blue.
Suggillation,A livid  or black and blue mark; a blow; a bruise.
Suicidal,Partaking of  or of the nature of the crime or suicide.
Suicidical,Suicidal.
Suicidism,The quality or state of being suicidal  or self-murdering.
Suicism,Selfishness; egoism.
Sui generis,Of his or its own kind.
Suillage,A drain or collection of filth.
Suilline,Of or pertaining to a hog or the Hog family (Suidae).
Suingly,In succession; afterwards.
Suigothus,The Scandinavian Goths. See the Note under Goths.
Suit,The act of following or pursuing  as game; pursuit.
Suited,of Suit
Suiting,of Suit
Suitability,The quality or state of being suitable; suitableness.
Suitor,One who sues  petitions or entreats; a petitioner; an applicant.
Suitress,A female supplicant.
Suji,Indian wheat  granulated but not pulverized; a kind of semolina.
Sula,A genus of sea birds including the booby and the common gannet.
Sulcate,Alt. of Sulcated
Sulcation,A channel or furrow.
Sulciform,Having the form of a sulcus; as  sulciform markings.
Sulci,of Sulcus
Sulcus,A furrow; a groove; a fissure.
Sulk,A furrow.
Sulker,One who sulks.
Sulkily,In a sulky manner.
Sulky,Moodly silent; sullen; sour; obstinate; morose; splenetic.
Sulkies,of Sulky
Sull,A plow.
Sullen,Lonely; solitary; desolate.
Sullevate,To rouse; to excite.
Sulliage,Foulness; filth.
Sullied,of Sully
Sullying,of Sully
Sullies,of Sully
Sulphamate,A salt of sulphamic acid.
Sulphantimonate,A salt of sulphantimonic acid.
Sulphantimonite,A salt of sulphantimonious acid.
Sulpharsenate,A salt of sulpharsenic acid.
Sulpharsenite,A salt of sulpharsenious acid.
Sulphate,A salt of sulphuric acid.
Sulphaurate,A salt of sulphauric acid.
Sulphinate,A salt of a sulphinic acid.
Sulphite,A salt of sulphurous acid.
Sulphocarbonate,A salt of sulphocarbonic acid; a thiocarbonate.
Sulphocyanide,See Sulphocyanate.
Sulphocyanogen,See Persulphocyanogen.
Sulphonate,A salt of sulphonic acid.
Sulphophosphate,A salt of sulphophosphoric acid.
Sulphophosphite,A salt of sulphophosphorous acid.
Sulphosalt,A salt of a sulphacid.
Sulphostannate,A salt of sulphostannic acid.
Sulphotungstate,A salt of sulphotungstic acid.
Sulphovinic,Of  pertaining to and formerly designating ethylsulphuric acid.
Sulphurate,Sulphureous.
Sulphurated,of Sulphurate
Sulphurating,of Sulphurate
Sulphureity,The quality or state of being sulphureous.
Sulphuret,A sulphide; as  a sulphuret of potassium.
Sulphureted,Combined or impregnated with sulphur; sulphurized.
Sulphuric,Of or pertaining to sulphur; as  a sulphuric smell.
Sulphurine,Sulphureous.
Sulphurous,Of or pertaining to sulphur.
Sulphurwort,The hog's fennel. See under Fennel.
Sulphuryl,The hypothetical radical SO2; -- called also sulphon.
Sultana,The wife of a sultan; a sultaness.
Sultanate,The rule or dominion of a sultan; sultanship.
Sultaness,A sultana.
Sultanic,Pertaining to a sultan.
Sultan-red,Having a deep red color.
Sultanry,The dominions of a sultan.
Sultanship,The office or dignity of a sultan.
Sultany,Sultanry.
Sultryly,In a sultry manner.
Sultriness,The quality or state of being sultry.
Sultry,Very hot  burning and oppressive; as Libya's sultry deserts.
Summed,of Sum
Summing,of Sum
Sumac,Alt. of Sumach
Sumatran,Of or pertaining to Sumatra or its inhabitants.
Summarily,In a summary manner.
Summarist,One who summarized.
Summarize,To comprise in  or reduce to a summary; to present briefly.
Summaries,of Summary
Summer,One who sums; one who casts up an account.
Summered,of Summer
Summering,of Summer
Summerhouses,of Summerhouse
Summerliness,The quality or state of being like summer.
Summersault,Alt. of Summerset
Summerset,See Somersault  Somerset.
Summerstir,To summer-fallow.
Summertide,Summer time.
Summertree,A summer. See 2d Summer.
Summery,Of or pertaining to summer; like summer; as  a summery day.
Summist,One who sums up; one who forms an abridgment or summary.
Summit,The top; the highest point.
Summitless,Having no summit.
Summity,The height or top of anything.
Summoned,of Summon
Summoning,of Summon
Summonses,of Summons
Sumner,A summoner.
Sumoom,See Simoom.
Sumph,A dunce; a blockhead.
Sumpter,The driver of a pack horse.
Sumption,A taking.
Sumptuary,Relating to expense; regulating expense or expenditure.
Sumptuosity,Expensiveness; costliness; sumptuousness.
Sun,See Sunn.
Sunned,of Sun
Sunning,of Sun
Sunbeam,A beam or ray of the sun.
Sunblink,A glimpse or flash of the sun.
Sunbow,A rainbow; an iris.
Sunburned,of Sunburn
Sunburnt,of Sunburn
Sunburning,of Sunburn
Sunburn,To burn or discolor by the sun; to tan.
Sunburst,A burst of sunlight.
Sundart,Sunbeam.
Sundered,of Sunder
Sundering,of Sunder
Sundown,The setting of the sun; sunset.
Sun-dried,Dried by the heat of the sun.
Sundries,Many different or small things; sundry things.
Sundrily,In sundry ways; variously.
Sundry,Several; divers; more than one or two; various.
Sundrymen,of Sundryman
Sundryman,One who deals in sundries  or a variety of articles.
Sunglasses,of Sunglass
Sunglow,A rosy flush in the sky seen after sunset.
Sunless,Destitute or deprived of the sun or its rays; shaded; shadowed.
Sunlight,The light of the sun.
Sunlike,Like or resembling the sun.
Sunlit,Lighted by the sun.
Sunniah,One of the sect of Sunnites.
Sunniness,The quality or state of being sunny.
Sunnud,A charter or warrant; also  a deed of gift.
Sunproof,Impervious to the rays of the sun.
Sunrise,Alt. of Sunrising
Sunset,Alt. of Sunsetting
Sunshade,Anything used as a protection from the sun's rays.
Sunsquall,Any large jellyfish.
Sun star,See Sun star  under Sun.
Sunsted,Solstice.
Sunstone,Aventurine feldspar. See under Aventurine.
Sun-struck,Overcome by  or affected with sunstroke; as sun-struck soldiers.
Sunup,Sunrise.
Sunward,Toward the sun.
Supped,of Sup
Supping,of Sup
Supawn,Boiled Indian meal; hasty pudding; mush.
Supe,A super.
Super,A contraction of Supernumerary  in sense 2.
Superable,Capable of being overcome or conquered; surmountable.
Superacidulated,Acidulated to excess.
Superadded,of Superadd
Superadding,of Superadd
Superangelic,Superior to the angels in nature or rank.
Superannuated,of Superannuate
Superannuating,of Superannuate
Superannuate,To impair or disquality on account of age or infirmity.
Superbiate,To make (a person) haughty.
Supercarbonate,A bicarbonate.
Supercarbureted,Bicarbureted.
Supercarpal,Situated above  or in the upper part of the carpus.
Supercelestial,Situated above the firmament  or great vault of heaven.
Supercharged,of Supercharge
Supercharging,of Supercharge
Superchemical,Above or beyond chemistry; inexplicable by chemical laws.
Superchery,Deceit; fraud; imposition.
Superciliary,Of or pertaining to the eyebrows; supraorbital.
Supercilium,The eyebrow  or the region of the eyebrows.
Superconception,Superfetation.
Superconsequence,Remote consequence.
Supercrescence,That which grows upon another growing thing; a parasite.
Supercrescent,Growing on some other growing thing.
Supercretaceous,Same as Supracretaceous.
Supercurious,Excessively curious or inquisitive.
Supereminence,Alt. of Supereminency
Supererogant,Supererogatory.
Supererogated,of Supererogate
Supererogating,of Supererogate
Supererogative,Supererogatory.
Superessential,Essential above others  or above the constitution of a thing.
Superethical,More than ethical; above ethics.
Superexalted,of Superexalt
Superexalting,of Superexalt
Superexalt,To exalt to a superior degree; to exalt above others.
Superexaltation,Elevation above the common degree.
Superexcellence,Superior excellence; extraordinary excellence.
Superexcellent,Excellent in an uncommon degree; very excellent.
Superexcination,Excessive  or more than normal excitation.
Superexcrescence,Something growing superfluously.
Superfamily,A group intermediate between a family and a suborder.
Superfecundity,Superabundant fecundity or multiplication of the species.
Superfete,To superfetate.
Superfice,A superficies.
Superfineness,The state of being superfine.
Superfinical,Extremely finical.
Superfluence,Superfluity.
Superfluitant,Floating above or on the surface.
Superfluities,of Superfluity
Superflux,Superabundance; superfluity; an overflowing.
Superfoetation,Superfetation.
Superfoliation,Excess of foliation.
Superfuse,To pour (something) over or on something else.
Superheated,of Superheat
Superheating,of Superheat
Superheat,To heat too much  to overheat; as to superheat an oven.
Superheater,An apparatus for superheating steam.
Superimposed,of Superimpose
Superimposing,of Superimpose
Superincumbence,Alt. of Superincumbency
Superincumbency,The quality or state of being superincumbent.
Superincumbent,Lying or resting on something else.
Superinduced,of Superinduce
Superinducing,of Superinduce
Superinduce,To bring in  or upon as an addition to something.
Superinducement,Superinduction.
Superinduction,The act of superinducing  or the state of being superinduced.
Superinfuse,To infuse over.
Superinjection,An injection succeeding another.
Superinspect,To over see; to superintend by inspection.
Superintellectual,Being above intellect.
Superintended,of Superintend
Superintending,of Superintend
Superintendency,The act of superintending; superintendence.
Superintendent,Overseeing; superintending.
Superintender,A superintendent.
Superinvestiture,An outer vestment or garment.
Superiorly,In a superior position or manner.
Superjacent,Situated immediately above; as  superjacent rocks.
Superlation,Exaltation of anything beyond truth or propriety.
Superlucration,Excessive or extraordinary gain.
Superlunar,Alt. of Superlunary
Supermaterial,Being above  or superior to matter.
Supermaxilla,The supermaxilla.
Supermaxillary,Supermaxillary.
Supermedial,Above the middle.
Supermundane,Being above the world; -- opposed to inframundane.
Supermundial,Supermundane.
Supernacular,Like supernaculum; first-rate; as  a supernacular wine.
Supernatation,The act of floating on the surface of a fluid.
Supernaturalism,The quality or state of being supernatural; supernaturalness.
Supernaturalist,One who holds to the principles of supernaturalism.
Supernaturalistic,Of or pertaining to supernaturalism.
Supernaturality,The quality or state of being supernatural.
Supernaturalize,To treat or regard as supernatural.
Supernaturally,In a supernatural manner.
Supernaturalness,The quality or state of being supernatural.
Supernumeraries,of Supernumerary
Superoccipital,Supraoccipital.
Superoxide,See Peroxide.
Superphosphate,An acid phosphate.
Superphysical,Above or beyond physics; not explainable by physical laws.
Superplant,A plant growing on another  as the mistletoe; an epiphyte.
Superplease,To please exceedingly.
Superplus,Surplus.
Superplusage,Surplusage.
Superpolitic,More than politic; above or exceeding policy.
Superponderate,To wiegh over and above.
Superposable,Capable of being superposed  as one figure upon another.
Superposed,of Superpose
Superposing,of Superpose
Superpose,To lay upon  as one kind of rock on another.
Superpraise,To praise to excess.
Superproportion,Overplus or excess of proportion.
Superpurgation,Excessive purgation.
Superreflection,The reflection of a reflected image or sound.
Superregal,More than regal; worthy of one greater than a king.
Superreward,To reward to an excessive degree.
Supersacral,Situated over  or on the dorsal side of the sacrum.
Supersaliency,The act of leaping on anything.
Supersalient,Leaping upon.
Supersalt,An acid salt. See Acid salt (a)  under Salt n.
Supersaturate,To add to beyond saturation; as  to supersaturate a solution.
Superscribed,of Superscribe
Superscribing,of Superscribe
Superscript,Superscription.
Superscription,The act of superscribing.
Supersecular,Being above the world  or secular things.
Superseded,of Supersede
Superseding,of Supersede
Supersede,To come  or be placed in the room of; to replace.
Superseminate,To sow  as seed over something previously sown.
Supersemination,The sowing of seed over seed previously sown.
Supersensitive,Excessively sensitive; morbidly sensitive.
Supersensual,Supersensible.
Supersensuous,Supersensible.
Superserviceable,Overofficious; doing more than is required or desired.
Supersolar,Above the sun.
Superspinous,Supraspinuos.
Superstitionist,One addicted to superstition.
Superstrain,To overstrain.
Superstrata,of Superstatum
Superstatum,A stratum  or layer above another.
Superstruction,The act of superstructing  or building upon.
Superstructive,Built or erected on something else.
Superstructor,One who builds a superstructure.
Supersubstantial,More than substantial; spiritual.
Supersubtle,To subtle.
Supersulphate,An acid sulphate.
Supersulphureted,Supersulphurized.
Supersulphurize,To impregnate or combine with an excess of sulphur.
Supertemporal,That which is more than temporal; that which is eternal.
Superterranean,Being above ground.
Superterrene,Being above ground  or above the earth.
Superterrestrial,Being above the earth  or above what belongs to the earth.
Supertonic,The note next above the keynote; the second of the scale.
Supertragical,Tragical to excess.
Supervacaneous,Serving no purpose; superfluous; needless.
Supervened,of Supervene
Supervening,of Supervene
Supervenient,Coming as something additional or extraneous; coming afterwards.
Supervention,The act of supervening.
Supervisal,Supervision.
Supervised,of Supervise
Supervising,of Supervise
Supervision,The act of overseeing; inspection; superintendence; oversight.
Supervisive,Supervisory.
Supervisory,Of or pertaining to supervision; as  supervisory powers.
Supervive,To survive; to outlive.
Supinator,A muscle which produces the motion of supination.
Supine,Lying on the back  or with the face upward; -- opposed to prone.
Supinity,Supineness.
Suppage,What may be supped; pottage.
Suppalpation,The act of enticing by soft words; enticement.
Supparasitation,The act of flattering to gain favor; servile approbation.
Supparasite,To flatter; to cajole; to act the parasite.
Suppawn,See Supawn.
Suppedaneous,Being under the feet.
Suppeditate,To supply; to furnish.
Suppeditation,Supply; aid afforded.
Supper,A meal taken at the close of the day; the evening meal.
Supplace,To replace.
Supplanted,of Supplant
Supplanting,of Supplant
Supplant,To trip up.
Supplantation,The act of supplanting or displacing.
Supplanter,One who supplants.
Suppled,of Supple
Suppling,of Supple
Supple-chapped,Having a limber tongue.
Supplely,In a supple manner; softly; pliantly; mildly.
Supplemented,of Supplement
Supplementing,of Supplement
Supplemental,Alt. of Supplementary
Supplementation,The act of supplementing.
Suppletive,Alt. of Suppletory
Suppletory,Supplying deficiencies; supplementary; as  a suppletory oath.
Suppletories,of Suppletory
Supplial,The act of supplying; a supply.
Supplicancy,Supplication.
Supplicant,Entreating; asking submissively.
Supplicated,of Supplicate
Supplicating,of Supplicate
Supplicatingly,In a supplicating manner.
Supplicator,One who supplicates; a supplicant.
Supplicatory,Containing supplication; humble; earnest.
Supplier,One who supplies.
Supplied,of Supply
Supplying,of Supply
Supplies,of Supply
Supplyant,Supplying or aiding; auxiliary; suppletory.
Supplyment,A supplying or furnishing; supply.
Supported,of Support
Supporting,of Support
Supportable,Capable of being supported  maintained or endured; endurable.
Supportance,Support.
Supportation,Maintenance; support.
Supportful,Abounding with support.
Supportless,Having no support.
Supportment,Support.
Supportress,A female supporter.
Supposed,of Suppose
Supposing,of Suppose
Supposeer,One who supposes.
Suppositional,Resting on supposition; hypothetical; conjectural; supposed.
Suppositive,Including or implying supposition  or hypothesis; supposed.
Suppositories,of Suppository
Supposure,Supposition; hypothesis; conjecture.
Suppressed,of Suppress
Suppressing,of Suppress
Suppress,To overpower and crush; to subdue; to put down; to quell.
Suppressible,That may be suppressed.
Suppressive,Tending to suppress; subduing; concealing.
Suppressor,One who suppresses.
Supprise,To surprise.
Suppurant,A suppurative.
Suppurated,of Suppurate
Suppurating,of Suppurate
Suppurate,To generate pus; as  a boil or abscess suppurates.
Suppuration,The act or process of suppurating.
Suppurative,Tending to suppurate; promoting suppuration.
Supputate,To suppute.
Supputation,Reckoning; account.
Suppute,To reckon; to compute; to suppose; to impute.
Supra-acromial,Situated above the acromial process of the scapula.
Supra-angular,See Surangular.
Suprachoroid,Alt. of Suprachoroidal
Supraciliary,Superciliary.
Supraclavicular,Situated above the clavicle.
Supracondylar,Alt. of Supracondyloid
Supracondyloid,Situated above a condyle or condyles.
Supracostal,Situated above  or on the outside of the ribs.
Supracranial,Situated above  or in the roof of the cranium.
Supracretaceous,Lying above the chalk; Supercretaceous.
Supradecompound,More than decompound; divided many times.
Supra-esophagal,Alt. of Supra-esophageal
Supra-ethmoid,Above  or on the dorsal side of the ethmoid bone or cartilage.
Suprahyoid,Hyomental.
Supralapsarianism,The doctrine  belief or principles of the Supralapsarians.
Supralapsary,Supralapsarian.
Supraloral,Situated above the lores; as  the supraloral feathers of a bird.
Supralunar,Alt. of Supralunary
Supralunary,Beyond the moon; hence  very lofty.
Supramaxillae,of Supramaxilla
Supramaxilla,The upper jaw or maxilla.
Supramaxillary,Situated over the lower jaw; as  the supramaxillary nerve.
Supranaturalist,A supernaturalist.
Supranaturalistic,Of or pertaining to supernaturalism; supernaturalistic.
Supra-oesophagal,See Supra-esophagal.
Supraorbital,Alt. of Supraorbitar
Supraorbitar,Situated above the orbit of the eye.
Suprapedal,Situated above the foot of a mollusk; as  the suprapedal gland.
Suprapubian,Alt. of Suprapubic
Suprapubic,Situated above  or anterior to the pubic bone.
Suprarenal,Situated above  or anterior to the kidneys.
Suprascalpular,Alt. of Suprascalpulary
Suprascalpulary,Situated above  or on the anterior side of the scapula.
Supraspinal,Situated above the vertebral column.
Supraspinate,Alt. of Supraspinous
Suprasternal,Situated above  or anterior to the sternum.
Supratemporal,Situated above the temporal bone or temporal fossa.
Supravaginal,Situated above or outside a sheath or vaginal membrane.
Supravision,Supervision.
Supravisor,A supervisor.
Supravulgar,Being above the vulgar or common people.
Supremely,In a supreme manner.
Supremity,Supremacy.
Sur-,A prefix signifying over  above beyond upon.
Suraddition,Something added or appended  as to a name.
Sural,Of or pertaining to the calf of the leg; as  the sural arteries.
Surance,Assurance.
Surbased,Having a surbase  or molding above the base.
Surbated,of Surbate
Surbating,of Surbate
Surbate,To make sore or bruise  as the feet by travel.
Surbeat,Same as Surbate.
Surbedded,of Surbed
Surbedding,of Surbed
Surbet,Same as Surbate.
Surcease,Cessation; stop; end.
Surceaseance,Cessation.
Surcharged,of Surcharge
Surcharging,of Surcharge
Surchargement,The act of surcharging; also  surcharge surplus.
Surcharger,One who surcharges.
Surcingled,Bound with the surcingle.
Surcle,A little shoot; a twig; a sucker.
Surcloyed,of Surcloy
Surcloying,of Surcloy
Surcloy,To surfeit.
Surcrew,Increase; addition; surplus.
Surculate,To purne; to trim.
Surculation,Act of purning.
Surculose,Producing suckers  or shoots resembling suckers.
Surd,Net having the sense of hearing; deaf.
Surdal,Same as Surd  a. 3.
Surdiny,A sardine.
Surdity,Deafness.
Sure-footed,Not liable to stumble or fall; as  a sure-footed horse.
Surement,A making sure; surety.
Sureness,The state of being sure; certainty.
Suresby,One to be sure of  or to be relied on.
Suretiship,Suretyship.
Sureties,of Surety
Surety,The state of being sure; certainty; security.
Surfaced,of Surface
Surfacing,of Surface
Surfeit,Excess in eating and drinking.
Surfeited,of Surfeit
Surfeiting,of Surfeit
Surfeiter,One who surfeits.
Surfeit-water,Water for the cure of surfeits.
Surfel,Alt. of Surfle
Surfer,The surf duck.
Surmen,of Surfman
Surfman,One who serves in a surfboat in the life-saving service.
Surfoot,Tired or sore of foot from travel; lamed.
Surge,A spring; a fountain.
Surged,of Surge
Surging,of Surge
Surgeful,Abounding in surges; surgy.
Surgeless,Free from surges; smooth; calm.
Surgent,Rising; swelling  as a flood.
Surgeonry,Surgery.
Surgically,By means of surgery.
Suricat,Same as Zenick.
Surinam toad,A species of toad native of Surinam. See Pipa.
Surintendant,Superintendent.
Surlily,In a surly manner.
Surliness,The quality or state of being surly.
Surling,A sour  morose fellow.
Surly,Arrogant; haughty.
Surmisable,Capable of being surmised; as  a surmisable result.
Surmisal,Surmise.
Surmised,of Surmise
Surmising,of Surmise
Surmiser,One who surmises.
Surmounted,of Surmount
Surmounting,of Surmount
Surmount,To rise above; to be higher than; to overtop.
Surmountable,Capable of being surmounted or overcome; superable.
Surmounter,One who  or that which surmounts.
Surmulot,The brown  or Norway rat.
Surnamed,of Surname
Surnaming,of Surname
Surnominal,Of or pertaining to a surname or surnames.
Suroxidate,To combine with oxygen so as to form a suroxide or peroxide.
Suroxide,A peroxide.
Surpassed,of Surpass
Surpassing,of Surpass
Surpass,To go beyond in anything good or bad; to exceed; to excel.
Surpassable,That may be surpassed.
Surphul,To surfel.
Surpliced,Wearing a surplice.
Surprisal,The act of surprising  or state of being surprised; surprise.
Surprised,of Surprise
Surprising,of Surprise
Surprisement,Surprisal.
Surpriser,One who surprises.
Surquedous,Alt. of Surquedrous
Surquedrous,Having or exhibiting surquedry; arrogant; insolent.
Surquedry,Alt. of Surquidry
Surquidry,Overweening pride; arrogance; presumption; insolence.
Surrebound,To give back echoes; to reecho.
Surrebut,To reply  as a plaintiff to a defendant's rebutter.
Surrebuter,The reply of a plaintiff to a defendant's rebutter.
Surrein,To override; to exhaust by riding.
Surrejoin,To reply  as a plaintiff to a defendant's rejoinder.
Surrejoinder,The answer of a plaintiff to a defendant's rejoinder.
Surrendered,of Surrender
Surrendering,of Surrender
Surrenderee,The person to whom a surrender is made.
Surrenderer,One who surrenders.
Surrenderor,One who makes a surrender  as of an estate.
Surrendry,Surrender.
Surrogate,A deputy; a delegate; a substitute.
Surrogateship,The office of a surrogate.
Surrogation,The act of substituting one person in the place of another.
Surrounded,of Surround
Surrounding,of Surround
Surround,To inclose on all sides; to encompass; to environ.
Sursanure,A wound healed or healing outwardly only.
Surseance,Peace; quiet.
Surstyle,To surname.
Surtax,An additional or extra tax.
Surturbrand,A fibrous brown coal or bituminous wood.
Surucucu,See Bush master  under Bush.
Surveillance,Oversight; watch; inspection; supervision.
Surveillants,of Surveillant
Surveillant,One who watches over another; an overseer; a spy; a supervisor.
Survened,of Survene
Survening,of Survene
Survene,To supervene upon; to come as an addition to.
Survenue,A sudden or unexpected coming or stepping on.
Surveyed,of Survey
Surveying,of Survey
Surveyal,Survey.
Surveyance,Survey; inspection.
Surveyor,One placed to superintend others; an overseer; an inspector.
Surveyorship,The office of a surveyor.
Surview,To survey; to make a survey of.
Survise,To look over; to supervise.
Survivance,Alt. of Survivancy
Survivancy,Survivorship.
Survived,of Survive
Surviving,of Survive
Survivency,Survivorship.
Surviver,One who survives; a survivor.
Survivorship,The state of being a survivor.
Susceptibilities,of Susceptibility
Susception,The act of taking; reception.
Susceptive,Susceptible.
Susceptivity,Capacity for receiving; susceptibility.
Suscipiency,Admission.
Suscipient,Receiving; admitting.
Suscitability,Capability of being suscitated; excitability.
Suscitated,of Suscitate
Suscitating,of Suscitate
Suscitate,To rouse; to excite; to call into life and action.
Suscitation,The act of raising or exciting.
Suspect,Suspicious; inspiring distrust.
Suspected,of Suspect
Suspecting,of Suspect
Suspectable,That may be suspected.
Suspecter,One who suspects.
Suspection,Suspicion.
Suspectiousness,Suspiciousness; cause for suspicion.
Suspectless,Not suspecting; having no suspicion.
Suspended,of Suspend
Suspending,of Suspend
Suspense,Held or lifted up; held or prevented from proceeding.
Suspensely,In suspense.
Suspensibility,The quality or state of being suspensible.
Suspensible,Capable of being suspended; capable of being held from sinking.
Suspensor,A suspensory.
Suspensoria,of Suspensorium
Suspensory,Suspended; hanging; depending.
Suspicable,Liable to suspicion; suspicious.
Suspiciency,Suspiciousness; suspicion.
Suspiral,A breathing hole; a vent or ventiduct.
Suspire,To fetch a long  deep breath; to sigh; to breathe.
Suspired,Ardently desired or longed for; earnestly coveted.
Sustained,of Sustain
Sustaining,of Sustain
Sustainer,One who  or that which sustains.
Sustainment,The act of sustaining; maintenance; support.
Sustentacle,Sustenance.
Sustentacular,Supporting; sustaining; as  a sustentacular tissue.
Sustentate,To sustain.
Sustention,Sustentation.
Susters,of Sustre
Sustres,of Sustre
Sustren,of Sustre
Suster,Alt. of Sustre
Sustre,Sister.
Susu,See Soosoo.
Susurrant,Whispering.
Susurration,A whispering; a soft murmur.
Susurringly,In the manner of a whisper.
Susurrous,Whispering; rustling; full of whispering sounds.
Susurrus,The act of whispering; a whisper; a murmur.
Sutile,Done by stitching.
Sutlership,The condition or occupation of a sutler.
Sutling,Belonging to sutlers; engaged in the occupation of a sutler.
Sutras,of Sutra
Sutra,A precept; an aphorism; a brief rule.
Sutteeism,The practice of self-immolation of widows in Hindostan.
Sutural,Of or pertaining to a suture  or seam.
Suturally,In a sutural manner.
Suturated,Sewed or knit together; united by a suture; stitched.
Sutured,Having a suture or sutures; knit or united together.
Suzerainty,The dominion or authority of a suzerain; paramount authority.
Swa,So.
Swabbed,of Swab
Swabbing,of Swab
Swabber,To swab.
Swad,A cod  or pod as of beans or pease.
Swaddled,of Swaddle
Swaddling,of Swaddle
Swaddlebill,The shoveler.
Swaddler,A term of contempt for an Irish Methodist.
Swagged,of Swag
Swagging,of Swag
Swag-bellied,Having a prominent  overhanging belly.
Swagbelly,A prominent  overhanging belly.
Swaged,of Swage
Swaging,of Swage
Swage,See Assuage.
Swaggered,of Swagger
Swaggering,of Swagger
Swaggy,Inclined to swag; sinking  hanging or leaning by its weight.
Swain,A servant.
Swainish,Pertaining to  or resembling a swain; rustic; ignorant.
Swainling,A little swain.
Swainship,The condition of a swain.
Swaip,To walk proudly; to sweep along.
Swal,Swelled.
Swallowed,of Swallow
Swallowing,of Swallow
Swallower,One who swallows; also  a glutton.
Swallowtail,A kind of tenon or tongue used in making joints. See Dovetail.
Swallowwort,See Celandine.
Swam,imp. of Swim.
Swamped,of Swamp
Swamping,of Swamp
Swang,imp. of Swing.
Swanherd,One who tends or marks swans; as  the royal swanherd of England.
Swan-hopping,A corruption of Swan-upping.
Swanimote,See Swainmote.
Swankie,Alt. of Swanky
Swanky,An active and clever young fellow.
Swanlike,Resembling a swan.
Swanmark,A mark of ownership cut on the bill or swan.
Swannery,A place where swans are bred.
Swanny,Swanlike; as  a swanny glossiness of the neck.
Swanpan,The Chinese abacus; a schwanpan.
Swan's-down,Alt. of Swans-down
Swanskin,The act of a swan with the down or the feathers on.
Swapped,of Swap
Swapping,of Swap
Swap,To strike; -- with off.
Swape,See Sweep  n. 12.
Sward,Skin; covering.
Swarded,of Sward
Swarding,of Sward
Sward-cutter,A plow for turning up grass land.
Swardy,Covered with sward or grass.
Sware,imp. of Swear.
Swarf,To grow languid; to faint.
Swarmed,of Swarm
Swarming,of Swarm
Swart,Sward.
Swartback,The black-backed gull (Larus marinus); -- called also swarbie.
Swarth,Swart; swarthy.
Swarthily,In a swarthy manner; with a tawny hue; duskily.
Swarthness,Swarthiness.
Swartiness,Swarthiness.
Swartish,Somewhat swart  dark or tawny.
Swartness,The quality or state of being swart.
Swarty,Swarthy; tawny.
Swarve,To swerve.
Swashed,of Swash
Swashing,of Swash
Swasher,One who makes a blustering show of valor or force of arms.
Swashway,Same as 4th Swash  2.
Swashy,Soft  like fruit that is too ripe; quashy; swash.
Swat,imp. of Sweat.
Swatch,A swath.
Swate,imp. of Sweat.
Swathed,of Swathe
Swathing,of Swathe
Swathe,To bind with a swathe  band bandage or rollers.
Swatte,imp. of Sweat.
Swayed,of Sway
Swaying,of Sway
Sway-bracing,The horizontal bracing of a bridge  which prevents its swaying.
Swayful,Able to sway.
Swealed,of Sweal
Swealing,of Sweal
Swore,of Swear
Sworn,of Swear
Swearing,of Swear
Sweat,of Sweat
Sweated,of Sweat
Sweating,of Sweat
Sweater,One who sweats.
Sweatily,In a sweaty manner.
Sweatiness,Quality or state of being sweaty.
Sweaty,Moist with sweat; as  a sweaty skin; a sweaty garment.
Swede,A native or inhabitant of Sweden.
Swedenborgianism,The doctrines of the Swedenborgians.
Swedish,Of or pertaining to Sweden or its inhabitants.
Swept,of Sweep
Sweeping,of Sweep
Sweepage,The crop of hay got in a meadow.
Sweep-saw,A bow-saw.
Sweepstake,A winning of all the stakes or prizes.
Sweepstakes,A winning of all the stakes or prizes; a sweepstake.
Sweepy,Moving with a sweeping motion.
Sweetened,of Sweeten
Sweetening,of Sweeten
Sweeten,To make sweet to the taste; as  to sweeten tea.
Sweetheart,A lover of mistress.
Sweethearting,Making love.
Sweeting,A sweet apple.
Sweetish,Somewhat sweet.
Sweetly,In a sweet manner.
Sweetroot,Licorice.
Sweet-scented,Having a sweet scent or smell; fragrant.
Sweet-sop,A kind of custard apple (Anona squamosa). See under Custard.
Sweetwood,The true laurel (Laurus nobilis.)
Sweetwort,Any plant of a sweet taste.
Sweigh,Sway; movement.
Sweinmote,See Swainmote.
Swelled,of Swell
Swollen,of Swell
Swelling,of Swell
Swelldom,People of rank and fashion; the class of swells  collectively.
Swellish,Dandified; stylish.
Swelltoad,A swellfish.
Swelt,imp. of Swell.
Sweltered,of Swelter
Sweltering,of Swelter
Sweltry,Suffocating with heat; oppressively hot; sultry.
Swelve,To swallow.
Swerd,See Sward  n. & v.
Swerved,of Swerve
Swerving,of Swerve
Swerve,To stray; to wander; to rope.
Sweven,A vision seen in sleep; a dream.
Swich,Such.
Swiftfoot,Nimble; fleet.
Swiftly,In a swift manner; with quick motion or velocity; fleetly.
Swig,To drink in long draughts; to gulp; as  to swig cider.
Swilled,of Swill
Swilling,of Swill
Swill,To wash; to drench.
Swiller,One who swills.
Swillings,See Swill  n. 1.
Swum,of Swim
Swimming,of Swim
Swimbel,A moaning or sighing sound or noise; a sough.
Swimmer,One who swims.
Swimmingness,Act or state of swimming; suffusion.
Swinck,See Swink.
Swindled,of Swindle
Swindling,of Swindle
Swindlery,Swindling; rougery.
Swinebread,The truffle.
Swinecase,A hogsty.
Swinecote,A hogsty.
Swinecrue,A hogsty.
Swinefish,The wolf fish.
Swineherd,A keeper of swine.
Swinepipe,The European redwing.
Swineery,Same as Piggery.
Swinestone,See Stinkstone.
Swinesty,A sty  or pen for swine.
Swung,of Swing
Swinging,of Swing
Swingdevil,The European swift.
Swinge,See Singe.
Swinged,of Swinge
Swingeing,of Swinge
Swingebuckler,A swashbuckler; a bully; a roisterer.
Swinger,One who swings or whirls.
Swingle,To dangle; to wave hanging.
Swingled,of Swingle
Swingling,of Swingle
Swinglebar,A swingletree.
Swingletail,The thrasher  or fox shark. See Thrasher.
Swingletree,A whiffletree  or whippletree. See Singletree.
Swank,of Swink
Swonk,of Swink
Swonken,of Swink
Swinking,of Swink
Swink,To labor; to toil; to salve.
Swinker,A laborer.
Swinney,See Sweeny.
Swipe,A swape or sweep. See Sweep.
Swiped,of Swipe
Swiping,of Swipe
Swipper,Nimble; quick.
Swirled,of Swirl
Swirling,of Swirl
Swirl,To whirl  or cause to whirl as in an eddy.
Swish,To flourish  so as to make the sound swish.
Switch,A small  flexible twig or rod.
Switched,of Switch
Switching,of Switch
Switchmen,of Switchman
Switchman,One who tends a switch on a railway.
Switchy,Whisking.
Swithe,Instantly; quickly; speedily; rapidly.
Switzer,A native or inhabitant of Switzerland; a Swiss.
Swive,To copulate with (a woman).
Swivel-eyed,Squint-eyed.
Swizzle,To drink; to swill.
Swob,See Swab.
Swobber,See Swabber.
Swoln,Contraction of Swollen  p. p.
Swom,imp. of Swim.
Swooned,of Swoon
Swooning,of Swoon
Swooped,of Swoop
Swooping,of Swoop
Swoopstake,See Sweepstake.
Swop,Same as Swap.
Sworded,Girded with a sword.
Swordick,The spotted gunnel (Muraenoides gunnellus).
Swording,Slashing with a sword.
Swordless,Destitute of a sword.
Swordmen,of Swordman
Swordman,A swordsman.
Swordplay,Fencing; a sword fight.
Swordsmen,of Swordsman
Swordsman,A soldier; a fighting man.
Swordsmanship,The state of being a swordsman; skill in the use of the sword.
Swordtail,The limulus.
Swough,A sound; a groan; a moan; a sough.
Swound,See Swoon  v. & n.
'Swounds,An exclamation contracted from God's wounds; -- used as an oath.
Swown,Swoon.
Swythe,Quickly. See Swithe.
Sy,Saw.
Syb,See Sib.
Sybarite,A person devoted to luxury and pleasure; a voluptuary.
Sybaritic,Alt. of Sybaritical
Sybaritism,Luxuriousness; effeminacy; wantonness; voluptuousness.
Sycamine,See Sycamore.
Syce,A groom.
Sycite,A nodule of flint  or a pebble which resembles a fig.
Sycock,The missel thrush.
Sycones,A division of calcareous sponges.
Syconium,Alt. of Syconus
Sycophancy,The character or characteristic of a sycophant.
Sycophant,An informer; a talebearer.
Sycophantcy,Sycophancy.
Sycophantic,Alt. of Sycophantical
Sycophantish,Like a sycophant; obsequiously flattering.
Sycophantism,Sycophancy.
Sycophantize,To play the sycophant.
Sycophantry,Sycophancy.
Syderolite,A kind of Bohemian earthenware resembling the Wedgwood ware.
Sye,Saw.
Syenitic,Relating to Syene; as  Syenitic inscriptions.
Syke,See Sike.
Syker,See Sicker.
Syle,A young herring (Clupea harengus).
Syllabaria,of Syllabarium
Syllabarium,A syllabary.
Syllabe,Syllable.
Syllabic,Alt. of Syllabical
Syllabically,In a syllabic manner.
Syllabicated,of Syllabicate
Syllabicating,of Syllabicate
Syllabicate,To form or divide into syllables; to syllabify.
Syllabification,Same as Syllabication.
Syllabified,of Syllabify
Syllabifying,of Syllabify
Syllabify,To form or divide into syllables.
Syllabize,To syllabify.
Syllabub,Same as Syllabub.
Syllabuses,of Syllabus
Syllabi,of Syllabus
Sylleptic,Alt. of Sylleptical
Sylleptical,Of or pertaining to a syllepsis; containing syllepsis.
Syllogistic,Alt. of Syllogistical
Syllogistically,In a syllogistic manner.
Syllogization,A reasoning by syllogisms.
Syllogized,of Syllogize
Syllogizing,of Syllogize
Syllogize,To reason by means of syllogisms.
Syllogizer,One who syllogizes.
Sylph,An imaginary being inhabiting the air; a fairy.
Sylphid,A little sylph; a young or diminutive sylph.
Sylphine,Like a sylph.
Sylphish,Sylphlike.
Sylphlike,Like a sylph; airy; graceful.
Sylvae,of Sylva
Sylva,Same as Silva.
Sylvan,Of or pertaining to a sylva; forestlike; hence  rural; rustic.
Sylvanium,An old name for tellurium.
Sylvate,A salt of sylvic acid.
Sylvatic,Sylvan.
Sylvestrian,Sylvan.
Sylviculturist,One who cultivates forest trees  especially as a business.
Sylvine,Alt. of Sylvite
Sylvite,Native potassium chloride.
Sym-,See Syn-.
Symar,Alt. of Symarr
Symarr,See Simar.
Symbal,See Cimbal.
Symbolic,See Symbolics.
Symbolics,The study of ancient symbols
Symbolist,One who employs symbols.
Symbolistic,Alt. of Symbolistical
Symbolistical,Characterized by the use of symbols; as  symbolistic poetry.
Symbolization,The act of symbolizing; symbolical representation.
Symbolized,of Symbolize
Symbolizing,of Symbolize
Symbolizer,One who symbolizes.
Symbologist,One who practices  or who is versed in symbology.
Symbology,The art of expressing by symbols.
Symmetral,Commensurable; symmetrical.
Symmetrian,One eminently studious of symmetry of parts.
Symmetric,Symmetrical.
Symmetrician,Same as Symmetrian.
Symmetrist,One eminently studious of symmetry of parts.
Symmetrized,of Symmetrize
Symmetrizing,of Symmetrize
Symmetrize,To make proportional in its parts; to reduce to symmetry.
Sympathetic,Inclined to sympathy; sympathizing.
Sympathetical,Sympathetic.
Sympathetically,In a sympathetic manner.
Sympathist,One who sympathizes; a sympathizer.
Sympathized,of Sympathize
Sympathizing,of Sympathize
Sympathize,To have a common feeling  as of bodily pleasure or pain.
Sympathizer,One who sympathizes.
Sympathies,of Sympathy
Sympetalous,Having the petals united; gamopetalous.
Symphonic,Symphonious.
Symphonious,Agreeing in sound; accordant; harmonious.
Symphonist,A composer of symphonies.
Symphonized,of Symphonize
Symphonizing,of Symphonize
Symphonize,To agree; to be in harmony.
Symphonies,of Symphony
Symphyseal,Of or pertaining to to symphysis.
Symphyses,of Symphysis
Symphysotomy,Symphyseotomy.
Symphytism,Coalescence; a growing into one with another word.
Sympode,A sympodium.
Sympodia,of Sympodium
Symposiarch,The master of a feast.
Symposiast,One engaged with others at a banquet or merrymaking.
Symposion,A drinking together; a symposium.
Symposia,of Symposium
Symposium,A drinking together; a merry feast.
Symptomatic,Alt. of Symptomatical
Synacme,Alt. of Synacmy
Synacmy,Same as Synanthesis.
Synaeresis,Alt. of Syneresis
Synagogical,Of or pertaining to a synagogue.
Synaloepha,Same as Synalepha.
Synangia,of Synangium
Synapticulae,of Synapticula
Synarchy,Joint rule or sovereignity.
Synarthrodia,Synarthrosis.
Synarthroses,of Synarthrosis
Synaxis,A congregation; also  formerly the Lord's Supper.
Syncarpia,of Syncarpium
Syncarpium,Same as Syncarp.
Syncarpous,Composed of several carpels consolidated into one ovary.
Synchondroses,of Synchondrosis
Synchondrotomy,Symphyseotomy.
Synchronical,Happening at the same time; synchronous.
Synchronism,The concurrence of events in time; simultaneousness.
Synchronized,of Synchronize
Synchronizing,of Synchronize
Synchronize,To agree in time; to be simultaneous.
Synchronology,Contemporaneous chronology.
Synchronous,Happening at the same time; simultaneous.
Synchrony,The concurrence of events in time; synchronism.
Syncline,A synclinal fold.
Synclinical,Synclinal.
Synclinoria,of Synclinorium
Syncopal,Of or pertaining to syncope; resembling syncope.
Syncopated,of Syncopate
Syncopating,of Syncopate
Syncopist,One who syncopates.
Syncopize,To syncopate.
Syncotyledonous,Having united cotyledonous.
Syncitia,of Syncytium
Syndactyle,Any bird having syndactilous feet.
Syndactylic,Syndactilous.
Syndesmography,A description of the ligaments; syndesmology.
Syndesmology,That part of anatomy which treats of ligaments.
Syndesmoses,of Syndesmosis
Syndesmosis,An articulation formed by means of ligaments.
Syndetic,Alt. of Syndetical
Syndrome,Concurrence.
Syne,Afterwards; since; ago.
Synecdochical,Expressed by synecdoche; implying a synecdoche.
Synecdochically,By synecdoche.
Synecphonesis,A contraction of two syllables into one; synizesis.
Synergetic,Working together; cooperating; as  synergetic muscles.
Synergist,One who holds the doctrine of synergism.
Synergistic,Of or pertaining to synergism.
Synergy,Combined action
Syngenesian,Alt. of Syngenesious
Synizesis,An obliteration of the pupil of the eye.
Synneuroses,of Synneorosis
Synneorosis,Syndesmosis.
Synocha,See Synochus.
Synochal,Of or pertaining to synocha; like synocha.
Synochus,A continuous fever.
Synod,An ecclesiastic council or meeting to consult on church matters.
Synodal,Synodical.
Synodic,Alt. of Synodical
Synodically,In a synodical manner; in a synod; by the authority of a synod.
Synodist,An adherent to a synod.
Synonyms,of Synonym
Synonyma,Synonyms.
Synonymal,Synonymous.
Synonymally,Synonymously.
Synonyme,Same as Synonym.
Synonymic,The science  or the scientific treatment of synonymous words.
Synonymical,Of or pertaining to synonyms  or synonymic; synonymous.
Synonymicon,A dictionary of synonyms.
Synonymist,One who collects or explains synonyms.
Synonymized,of Synonymize
Synonymizing,of Synonymize
Synonymy,The quality of being synonymous; sameness of meaning.
Synopses,of Synopsis
Synoptic,Alt. of Synoptical
Synosteology,That part of anatomy which treats of joints; arthrology.
Synosteoses,of Synosteosis
Synostosis,Same as Synosteosis.
Synovial,Of or pertaining to synovia; secreting synovia.
Synovitis,Inflammation of the synovial membrane.
Synpelmous,Having the two main flexor tendons of the toes blended together.
Synsepalous,Having united sepals; gamosepalous.
Syntactic,Alt. of Syntactical
Syntaxis,Syntax.
Synteresis,Prophylaxis.
Synteretic,Preserving health; prophylactic.
Synthermal,Having the same degree of heat.
Syntheses,of Synthesis
Synthesist,One who employs synthesis  or who follows synthetic methods.
Synthesize,To combine by synthesis; to unite.
Synthetic,Alt. of Synthetical
Synthetically,In a synthetic manner.
Synthetize,To combine; to unite in regular structure.
Syntomy,Brevity; conciseness.
Syphilide,A cutaneous eruption due to syphilis.
Syphilitically,In a syphilitic manner; with venereal disease.
Syphilize,To inoculate with syphilis.
Syphiloderm,A cutaneous affection due to syphilis.
Syphilodermatous,Of or pertaining to the cutaneous manifestations of syphilis.
Syphiloid,Resembling syphilis.
Syphilologist,One skilled in syphilology.
Syphilology,That branch of medicine which treats of syphilis.
Syphon,See Syphon.
Syracuse,A red wine of Italy.
Syren,See Siren.
Syriacism,A Syrian idiom; a Syrianism.
Syrian,Of or pertaining to Syria; Syriac.
Syriasm,A Syrian idiom; a Syrianism; a Syriacism.
Syringa,A genus of plants; the lilac.
Syringed,of Syringe
Syringing,of Syringe
Syringeal,Of or pertaining to the syrinx; as  the syringeal muscle.
Syringocoele,The central canal of the spinal cord.
Syringotome,A small blunt-pointed bistoury  -- used in syringotomy.
Syringotomy,The operation of cutting for anal fistula.
Syringes,of Syrinx
Syrphian,Of or pertaining to the syrphus flies.
Syrt,A quicksand; a bog.
Syrtic,Of or pertaining to a syrt; resembling syrt  or quicksand.
Syrtes,of Syrtis
Syrtis,A quicksand.
Syssarcosis,The junction of bones by intervening muscles.
Systasis,A political union  confederation or league.
Systematic,Alt. of Systematical
Systematically,In a systematic manner; methodically.
Systematism,The reduction of facts or principles to a system.
Systematist,One who forms a system  or reduces to system.
Systematization,The act or operation of systematizing.
Systematized,of Systematize
Systematizing,of Systematize
Systematizer,One who systematizes.
Systematology,The doctrine of  or a treatise upon systems.
Systemization,The act or process of systematizing; systematization.
Systemized,of Systemize
Systemizing,of Systemize
Systemize,To reduce to system; to systematize.
Systemizer,One who systemizes  or reduces to system; a systematizer.
Systemless,Being without system.
Systole,The shortening of the long syllable.
Syth,adv.  conj. & n. Alt. of Sythe
Sythe,adv.  conj. & n. See Sith Sithe.
Syzygial,Pertaining to a syzygy.
Syzygies,of Syzygy
Ta,To take.
Taas,A heap. See Tas.
Tabacco,Tobacco.
Tabanus,A genus of blood sucking flies  including the horseflies.
Tabarder,One who wears a tabard.
Tabaret,A stout silk having satin stripes  -- used for furniture.
Tabbinet,A fabric like poplin  with a watered surface.
Tabbies,of Tabby
Tabbied,of Tabby
Tabbying,of Tabby
Tabefaction,A wasting away; a gradual losing of flesh by disease.
Tabefied,of Tabefy
Tabefying,of Tabefy
Tabefy,To cause to waste gradually  to emaciate.
Taber,Same as Tabor.
Taberd,See Tabard.
Tabernacle,A slightly built or temporary habitation; especially  a tent.
Tabernacled,of Tabernacle
Tabernacling,of Tabernacle
Tabescent,Withering  or wasting away.
Tabid,Affected by tabes; tabetic.
Tabific,Alt. of Tabifical
Tabifical,Producing tabes; wasting; tabefying.
Tabinet,See Tabbinet.
Tableed,of Table
Tableing,of Table
Tableaux,of Tableau
Tableau,A striking and vivid representation; a picture.
Tableaux vivants,of Tableau vivant
Tableau vivant,Same as Tableau  n. 2.
Tablebook,A tablet; a notebook.
Tables d'hote,of Table d'hote
Table d'hote,A common table for guests at a hotel; an ordinary.
Table-land,A broad  level elevated area of land; a plateau.
Tablemen,of Tableman
Tablement,A table.
Tabler,One who boards.
Tablespoonfuls,of Tablespoonful
Tablet,A small table or flat surface.
Tableware,Ware  or articles collectively for table use.
Tabling,A forming into tables; a setting down in order.
Tabooed,of Taboo
Tabooing,of Taboo
Tabored,of Tabor
Taboring,of Tabor
Taborer,One who plays on the tabor.
Taboret,A small tabor.
Taborine,A small  shallow drum; a tabor.
Tabour,See Tabor.
Tabouret,Same as Taboret.
Tabrere,A taborer.
Tabret,A taboret.
Tabu,See Taboo.
Tabulae,of Tabula
Tabula,A table; a tablet.
Tabularized,of Tabularize
Tabularizing,of Tabularize
Tabularize,To tabulate.
Tabulated,of Tabulate
Tabulating,of Tabulate
Tabulate,To form into a table or tables; to reduce to tables or synopses.
Tacamahac,Alt. of Tacamahaca
Tacaud,The bib  or whiting pout.
Tachinae,of Tachina
Tachydidaxy,A short or rapid method of instructing.
Tachygraphic,Alt. of Tachygraphical
Tachygraphical,Of or pertaining to tachygraphy; written in shorthand.
Taciturnity,Habilual silence  or reserve in speaking.
Tack,A stain; a tache.
Tacked,of Tack
Tacking,of Tack
Tacker,One who tacks.
Tacket,A small  broad-headed nail.
Tackey,See Tacky.
Tackled,of Tackle
Tackling,of Tackle
Tacksmen,of Tacksman
Tacksman,One who holds a tack or lease from another; a tenant  or lessee.
Tact,The sense of touch; feeling.
Tactable,Capable of being touched; tangible.
Tactic,Alt. of Tactical
Tactical,Of or pertaining to the art of military and naval tactics.
Taction,The act of touching; touch; contact; tangency.
Tactless,Destitute of tact.
Taedium,See Tedium.
Taen,Alt. of Ta'en
Ta'en,p. p. of Ta  to take or a contraction of Taken.
Taeniae,of Taenia
Taeniada,Same as Taenioidea.
Taenidia,of Taenidium
Taenioglossate,Of or pertaining to the Taenioglossa.
Taenioid,Ribbonlike; shaped like a ribbon.
Taeniolae,of Taeniola
Tafferer,See Taffrail.
Taffeta,Alt. of Taffety
Tafia,A variety of rum.
Tagged,of Tag
Tagging,of Tag
Tagbelt,Same as Tagsore.
Tagger,One who  or that which appends or joins one thing to another.
Taglet,A little tag.
Taglia,A peculiar combination of pulleys.
Taglock,An entangled lock  as of hair or wool.
Tagnicate,The white-lipped peccary.
Tagtail,A worm which has its tail conspicuously colored.
Taguicati,The white-lipped peccary.
Taha,The African rufous-necked weaver bird (Hyphantornis texor).
Tahaleb,A fox (Vulpes Niloticus) of Northern Africa.
Tahitian,Of or pertaining to Tahiti  an island in the Pacific Ocean.
Tahr,Same as Thar.
Tail,Limitation; abridgment.
Tailage,See Tallage.
Tailblock,A block with a tail. See Tail  9.
Tailing,The part of a projecting stone or brick inserted in a wall.
Taille,A tally; an account scored on a piece of wood.
Tailless,Having no tail.
Taillie,Same as Tailzie.
Tailored,of Tailor
Tailoring,of Tailor
Tailoress,A female tailor.
Tailpiece,A piece at the end; an appendage.
Tailpin,The center in the spindle of a turning lathe.
Tailrace,See Race  n. 6.
Tail-water,Water in a tailrace.
Tain,Thin tin plate; also  tin foil for mirrors.
Taint,A thrust with a lance  which fails of its intended effect.
Tainted,of Taint
Tainting,of Taint
Taintless,Free from taint or infection; pure.
Taintlessly,In a taintless manner.
Tainture,Taint; tinge; difilement; stain; spot.
Taintworm,A destructive parasitic worm or insect larva.
Taira,Same as Tayra.
Tairn,See Tarn.
Tajacu,Alt. of Tajassu
Tajassu,The common  or collared peccary.
Take,Taken.
Took,of Take
Takend,of Take
Taking,of Take
Take-in,Imposition; fraud.
Taken,p. p. of Take.
Take-off,An imitation  especially in the way of caricature.
Taker,One who takes or receives; one who catches or apprehends.
Taking-off,Removal; murder. See To take off (c)  under Take v. t.
Talbot,A sort of dog  noted for quick scent and eager pursuit of game.
Talbotype,Same as Calotype.
Talcose,Alt. of Talcous
Talcous,Of or pertaining to talc; composed of  or resembling talc.
Tale,See Tael.
Talebearing,Telling tales officiously.
Taleful,Full of stories.
Talesmen,of Talesman
Talewise,In a way of a tale or story.
Taliacotian,See Tagliacotian.
Taliation,Retaliation.
Talion,Retaliation.
Talipes,The deformity called clubfoot. See Clubfoot.
Talismans,of Talisman
Talismanic,Alt. of Talismanical
Talked,of Talk
Talking,of Talk
Talkative,Given to much talking.
Tallage,Alt. of Talliage
Tallier,One who keeps tally.
Tallness,The quality or state of being tall; height of stature.
Tallowed,of Tallow
Tallowing,of Tallow
Tallower,An animal which produces tallow.
Tallow-face,One who has a sickly  pale complexion.
Tallow-faced,Having a sickly complexion; pale.
Tallowish,Having the qualities of tallow.
Tallowy,Of the nature of tallow; resembling tallow; greasy.
Tallwood,Firewood cut into billets of a certain length.
Tallies,of Tally
Tallied,of Tally
Tallying,of Tally
Tallyho,The huntsman's cry to incite or urge on his hounds.
Tallymen,of Tallyman
Tallyman,One who keeps the tally  or marks the sticks.
Talmas,of Talma
Talmudic,Alt. of Talmudical
Talmudistic,Resembling the Talmud; Talmudic.
Talook,Alt. of Taluk
Talookdar,Alt. of Talukdar
Talukdar,A proprietor of a talook.
Tali,of Talus
Talus,The astragalus.
Tamability,The quality or state of being tamable; tamableness.
Tamanoir,The ant-bear.
Tambac,See Tombac.
Tambour,A kind of small flat drum; a tambourine.
Tamboured,of Tambour
Tambouring,of Tambour
Tambourin,A tambourine.
Tambreet,The duck mole.
Tamburin,See Tambourine.
Tamed,of Tame
Taming,of Tame
Tameable,Tamable.
Tameless,Incapable of being tamed; wild; untamed; untamable.
Tamely,In a tame manner.
Tameness,The quality or state of being tame.
Tamer,One who tames or subdues.
Tamias,A genus of ground squirrels  including the chipmunk.
Tamil,Of or pertaining to the Tamils  or to their language.
Tamilian,Tamil.
Tamine,Alt. of Taminy
Taminy,A kind of woolen cloth; tammy.
Tamis,A sieve  or strainer made of a kind of woolen cloth.
Tamkin,A tampion.
Tammies,of Tammy
Tamped,of Tamp
Tamping,of Tamp
Tampan,A venomous South African tick.
Tampeon,See Tampion.
Tampered,of Tamper
Tampering,of Tamper
Tamperer,One who tampers; one who deals unfairly.
Tampico fiber,Alt. of fibre
Tampoon,The stopper of a barrel; a bung.
Tamul,Tamil.
Tan,See Picul.
Tanned,of Tan
Tanning,of Tan
Tana,Same as Banxring.
Tanagrine,Of or pertaining to the tanagers.
Tanagroid,Tanagrine.
Tang,A coarse blackish seaweed (Fuscus nodosus).
Tanged,of Tang
Tanging,of Tang
Tangalung,An East Indian civet (Viverra tangalunga).
Tangence,Tangency.
Tangency,The quality or state of being tangent; a contact or touching.
Tangental,Tangential.
Tangential,Of or pertaining to a tangent; in the direction of a tangent.
Tangentially,In the direction of a tangent.
Tangfish,The common harbor seal.
Tanghinia,The ordeal tree. See under Ordeal.
Tangibility,The quality or state of being tangible.
Tangible,Perceptible to the touch; tactile; palpable.
Tangled,of Tangle
Tangling,of Tangle
Tanglefish,The sea adder  or great pipefish of Europe.
Tanglingly,In a tangling manner.
Tangly,Entangled; intricate.
Tangue,The tenrec.
Tangun,A piebald variety of the horse  native of Thibet.
Tangwhaup,The whimbrel.
Tankard,A large drinking vessel  especially one with a cover.
Tankia,See Tanka.
Tankling,A tinkling.
Tanling,One tanned by the sun.
Tannable,That may be tanned.
Tannage,A tanning; the act  operation or result of tanning.
Tannate,A salt of tannic acid.
Tanneries,of Tannery
Tannery,A place where the work of tanning is carried on.
Tannier,See Tanier.
Tannin,Same as Tannic acid  under Tannic.
Tanrec,Same as Tenrec.
Tant,A small scarlet arachnid.
Tantalate,A salt of tantalic acid.
Tantalization,The act of tantalizing  or state of being tantalized.
Tantalized,of Tantalize
Tantalizing,of Tantalize
Tantalizer,One who tantalizes.
Tantalizingly,In a tantalizing or teasing manner.
Tantamount,Equivalent in value  signification or effect.
Tantrum,A whim  or burst of ill-humor; an affected air.
Taoism,One of the popular religions of China  sanctioned by the state.
Tapped,of Tap
Tapping,of Tap
Tapered,of Taper
Tapering,of Taper
Taperness,The quality or state of being taper; tapering form; taper.
Tapestries,of Tapestry
Tapestried,of Tapestry
Tapestrying,of Tapestry
Tapet,Worked or figured stuff; tapestry.
Tapetis,of Tapeti
Tapeti,A small South American hare (Lepus Braziliensis).
Taphouse,A house where liquors are retailed.
Taphrenchyma,Same as Bothrenchyma.
Tapinage,A lurking or skulking.
Tapiroid,Allied to the tapir  or the Tapir family.
Tapis,Tapestry; formerly  the cover of a council table.
Tapiser,A maker of tapestry; an upholsterer.
Taplash,Bad small beer; also  the refuse or dregs of liquor.
Tappester,A female tapster.
Tappice,Alt. of Tappis
Tappis,See Tapish.
Tappit hen,A hen having a tuft of feathers on her head.
Taproom,A room where liquors are kept on tap; a barroom.
Tapster,One whose business is to tap or draw ale or other liquor.
Taqua-nut,A Central American name for the ivory nut.
Tar,A sailor; a seaman.
Tarred,of Tar
Tarring,of Tar
Tarantulas,of Tarantula
Tarantulae,of Tarantula
Tarantulated,Bitten by a tarantula; affected with tarantism.
Tarbogan,See Toboggan.
Tardation,The act of retarding  or delaying; retardation.
Tardigrade,Moving or stepping slowly; slow-paced.
Tardigradous,Moving slowly; slow-paced.
Tardily,In a tardy manner; slowly.
Tardiness,The quality or state of being tardy.
Tarditation,Tardiness.
Tardity,Slowness; tardiness.
Tardo,Slow; -- a direction to perform a passage slowly.
Tardy,Moving with a slow pace or motion; slow; not swift.
Tare,Tore.
Tared,of Tare
Taring,of Tare
Tarentism,See Tarantism.
Tarentula,See Tarantula.
Targe,A shield or target.
Targeted,Furnished  armed or protected with a target.
Targeteer,One who is armed with a target or shield.
Targums,of Targum
Targumim,of Targum
Targumist,The writer of a Targum; one versed in the Targums.
Tariffed,of Tariff
Tariffing,of Tariff
Tarin,The siskin.
Tarlatan,A kind of thin  transparent muslin used for dresses.
Tarn,A mountain lake or pool.
Tarnished,of Tarnish
Tarnishing,of Tarnish
Tarnisher,One who  or that which tarnishes.
Tarot,A game of cards; -- called also taroc.
Tarpan,A wild horse found in the region of the Caspian Sea.
Tarpon,Same as Tarpum.
Tarrace,See Trass.
Tarras,See Trass.
Tarre,To set on  as a dog; to incite.
Tarriance,The act or time of tarrying; delay; lateness.
Tarrier,One who  or that which tarries.
Tarrock,The young of the kittiwake gull before the first molt.
Tarry,Consisting of  or covered with tar; like tar.
Tarried,of Tarry
Tarrying,of Tarry
Tarsal,Of or pertaining to the tarsus (either of the foot or eye).
Tarsalia,of Tarsale
Tarse,The male falcon.
Tarsel,A male hawk. See Tercel.
Tarsi,pl. of Tarsus.
Tarsia,Alt. of Tarsiatura
Tarsier,See Tarsius.
Tarsometatarsi,of Tarsometatarsus
Tarsotomy,The operation of cutting or removing the tarsal cartilages.
Tart,Sharp to the taste; acid; sour; as  a tart apple.
Tartarated,Tartrated.
Tartarean,Alt. of Tartareous
Tartareous,Of or pertaining to Tartarus; hellish.
Tartarian,Alt. of Tartaric
Tartaric,Of or pertaining to Tartary in Asia  or the Tartars.
Tartarine,Potassium carbonate  obtained by the incineration of tartar.
Tartarized,of Tartarize
Tartarizing,of Tartarize
Tartarize,To impregnate with  or subject to the action of tartar.
Tartarum,See 1st Tartar.
Tartary,Tartarus.
Tartini's tones,See the Note under Tone.
Tartish,Somewhat tart.
Tartlet,A small tart.
Tartly,In a tart manner; with acidity.
Tartness,The quality or state of being tart.
Tartramate,A salt of tartramic acid.
Tartrate,A salt of tartaric acid.
Tartrated,Containing  or derived from tartar; combined with tartaric acid.
Tartronate,A salt of tartronic acid.
Tartuffe,Alt. of Tartufe
Tartuffish,Alt. of Tartufish
Tartufish,Like a tartuffe; precise; hypocritical.
Tas,A heap.
Tasco,A kind of clay for making melting pots.
Tasked,of Task
Tasking,of Task
Tasker,One who imposes a task.
Taskwork,Work done as a task; also  work done by the job; piecework.
Taslet,A piece of armor formerly worn to guard the things; a tasse.
Tassel,A male hawk. See Tercel.
Tasseled,of Tassel
Tasselled,of Tassel
Tasseling,of Tassel
Tasselling,of Tassel
Tastable,Capable of worthy of being tasted; savory; relishing.
Tasted,of Taste
Tasting,of Taste
Taste,To try by the touch; to handle; as  to taste a bow.
Tasteful,Having a high relish; savory.
Tasteless,Having no taste; insipid; flat; as  tasteless fruit.
Tastily,In a tasty manner.
Tasto,A key or thing touched to produce a tone.
Tataupa,A South American tinamou (Crypturus tataupa).
Tatch,A spot or stain; also  a trick.
Tath,3d pers. sing. pres. of Ta  to take.
Tatouhou,The peba.
Tatter,One who makes tatting.
Tattered,of Tatter
Tatterdemalion,A ragged fellow; a ragamuffin.
Tattled,of Tattle
Tattling,of Tattle
Tattler,One who tattles; an idle talker; one who tells tales.
Tattlery,Idle talk or chat; tittle-tattle.
Tattooed,of Tattoo
Tattooing,of Tattoo
Tattoos,of Tattoo
Tatu,Same as Tatou.
Taught,See Taut.
Taunt,Very high or tall; as  a ship with taunt masts.
Taunted,of Taunt
Taunting,of Taunt
Taunter,One who taunts.
Tauntingly,In a taunting manner.
Tauntress,A woman who taunts.
Taur,The constellation Taurus.
Tauricornous,Having horns like those of a bull.
Tauridor,A bullfighter; a toreador.
Tauriform,Having the form of a bull.
Taurine,Of or pertaining to the genus Taurus  or cattle.
Taurocol,Alt. of Taurocolla
Taurocolla,Glue made from a bull's hide.
Tauromachian,Of or pertaining to bullfights.
Tauromachy,Bullfighting.
Tautologic,Tautological.
Tautologist,One who uses tautological words or phrases.
Tautologized,of Tautologize
Tautologizing,of Tautologize
Tautologize,To repeat the same thing in different words.
Tautologous,Repeating the same thing in different words; tautological.
Tautomeric,Relating to  or characterized by tautomerism.
Tautoousian,Alt. of Tautoousious
Tautoousious,Having the same essence; being identically of the same nature.
Tautophony,Repetition of the same sound.
Tautozonal,Belonging to the same zone; as  tautozonal planes.
Taverner,One who keeps a tavern.
Taverning,A feasting at taverns.
Tavernmen,of Tavernman
Tavernman,The keeper of a tavern; also  a tippler.
Taw,Tow.
Tawed,of Taw
Tawing,of Taw
Tawdrily,In a tawdry manner.
Tawdriness,Quality or state of being tawdry.
Tawdry,Bought at the festival of St. Audrey.
Tawdries,of Tawdry
Tawer,One who taws; a dresser of white leather.
Tawery,A place where skins are tawed.
Tawniness,The quality or state of being tawny.
Taxed,of Tax
Taxing,of Tax
Taxability,The quality or state of being taxable; taxableness.
Taxel,The American badger.
Taxeopoda,An order of extinct Mammalia found in the Tertiary formations.
Taxer,One who taxes.
Taxgatherer,One who collects taxes or revenues.
Taxidermist,A person skilled in taxidermy.
Taxless,Free from taxation.
Taxology,Same as Taxonomy.
Taxonomist,One skilled in taxonomy.
Taxor,Same as Taxer  n. 2.
Taxpayer,One who is assessed and pays a tax.
Tazel,The teasel.
Tchawytcha,The quinnat salmon.
T cart,See under T.
Teaberry,The checkerberry.
Teaching,of Teach
Teachableness,Willingness to be taught.
Teachless,Not teachable.
Teacup,A small cup from which to drink tea.
Teacupfuls,of Teacupful
Teacupful,As much as a teacup can hold; enough to fill a teacup.
Tead,Alt. of Teade
Teade,A torch.
Teagle,A hoisting apparatus; an elevator; a crane; a lift.
Teague,An Irishman; -- a term used in contempt.
Teakettle,A kettle in which water is boiled for making tea  coffee etc.
Teamed,Yoked in  or as in a team.
Teamster,One who drives a team.
Tore,of Tear
Torn,of Tear
Tearing,of Tear
Tear-falling,Shedding tears; tender.
Tearful,Abounding with tears; weeping; shedding tears; as  tearful eyes.
Tearless,Shedding no tears; free from tears; unfeeling.
Teary,Wet with tears; tearful.
Tea-saucer,A small saucer in which a teacup is set.
Teased,of Tease
Teasing,of Tease
Tease,To comb or card  as wool or flax.
Teaseled,of Teasel
Teaselled,of Teasel
Teaseling,of Teasel
Teaselling,of Teasel
Teaseler,One who uses teasels for raising a nap on cloth.
Teaser,One who teases or vexes.
Teasle,See Teasel.
Teaspoonfuls,of Teaspoonful
Teated,Having protuberances resembling the teat of an animal.
Teathe,See Tath.
Teatish,Peevish; tettish; fretful; -- said of a child. See Tettish.
Teaze-hole,The opening in the furnaces through which fuel is introduced.
Teazel,See Teasel.
Teazer,The stoker or fireman of a furnace  as in glass works.
Teazle,See Teasel.
Techily,In a techy manner.
Techiness,The quality or state of being techy.
Technic,Technical.
Technicalities,of Technicality
Technicality,The quality or state of being technical; technicalness.
Technicalness,The quality or state of being technical; technicality.
Technicist,One skilled in technics or in one or more of the practical arts.
Technicological,Technological; technical.
Technicology,Technology.
Technique,Same as Technic  n.
Technism,Technicality.
Technologic,Technological.
Technological,Of or pertaining to technology.
Techy,Peevish; fretful; irritable.
Tectibranch,One of the Tectibranchiata. Also used adjectively.
Tectibranchia,Same as Tectibranchiata.
Tectly,Covertly; privately; secretly.
Tectonic,Of or pertaining to building or construction; architectural.
Tectrices,The wing coverts of a bird. See Covert  and Illust. of Bird.
Tecum,See Tucum.
Tedded,of Ted
Tedding,of Ted
Teddered,of Tedder
Teddering,of Tedder
Tediosity,Tediousness.
Tedium,Irksomeness; wearisomeness; tediousness.
Tee,The mark aimed at in curling and in quoits.
Tee iron,See T iron  under T.
Teek,See Teak.
Teel,Sesame.
Teelseed,The seed of sesame.
Teem,To pour; -- commonly followed by out; as  to teem out ale.
Teemed,of Teem
Teeming,of Teem
Teemer,One who teems  or brings forth.
Teemful,Pregnant; prolific.
Teemless,Not fruitful or prolific; barren; as  a teemless earth.
Teen,Grief; sorrow; affiction; pain.
Teenage,The longer wood for making or mending fences.
Teend,To kindle; to burn.
Teenful,Full of teen; harmful; grievous; grieving; afflicted.
Teeny,Very small; tiny.
Teeong,The mino bird.
Teest,A tinsmith's stake  or small anvil.
Teetan,A pipit.
Teetered,of Teeter
Teetering,of Teeter
Teeter-tail,The spotted sandpiper. See the Note under Sandpiper.
Teeth,pl. of Tooth.
Teethed,of Teeth
Teething,of Teeth
Teetotal,Entire; total.
Teetotaler,One pledged to entire abstinence from all intoxicating drinks.
Teetotally,Entirely; totally.
Teetuck,The rock pipit.
Teeuck,The lapwing.
Teewit,The pewit.
Teg,A sheep in its second year; also  a doe in its second year.
Tegmina,of Tegmen
Tegmen,A tegument or covering.
Tegmenta,of Tegmentum
Tegulae,of Tegula
Tegument,A cover or covering; an integument.
Te-hee,A tittering laugh; a titter.
Teil,The lime tree  or linden; -- called also teil tree.
Teind,A tithe.
Teine,See Teyne.
Teinland,Land granted by the crown to a thane or lord.
Teint,Tint; color; tinge  See Tint.
Teinture,Color; tinge; tincture.
Tek,A Siberian ibex.
Telamones,Same as Atlantes.
Telangiectasis,Dilatation of the capillary vessels.
Telangiectasy,Telangiectasis.
Telarly,In a weblike manner.
Telary,Of or pertaining to a web; hence  spinning webs; retiary.
Telegram,A message sent by telegraph; a telegraphic dispatch.
Telegraphed,of Telegraph
Telegraphing,of Telegraph
Telegraphical,Telegraphic.
Telegraphist,One skilled in telegraphy; a telegrapher.
Teleological,Of or pertaining to teleology  or the doctrine of design.
Teleologist,One versed in teleology.
Teleology,The doctrine of the final causes of things
Teleophore,Same as Gonotheca.
Teleorganic,Vital; as  teleorganic functions.
Teleost,One of the Teleosti. Also used adjectively.
Teleostean,Of or pertaining to the teleosts.
Teleozoic,Having tissued composed of cells.
Teleozoon,A metazoan.
Telepheme,A message by a telephone.
Telephonic,Conveying sound to a great distance.
Telephonically,By telephonic means or processes; by the use of the telephone.
Telepolariscope,A polariscope arranged to be attached to a telescope.
Telescoped,of Telescope
Telescoping,of Telescope
Telescopic,Alt. of Telescopical
Telescopical,Of or pertaining to a telescope; performed by a telescope.
Telescopically,In a telescopical manner; by or with the telescope.
Telescopist,One who uses a telescope.
Telescopy,The art or practice of using or making telescopes.
Telesm,A kind of amulet or magical charm.
Telesmatic,Alt. of Telesmatical
Telesmatical,Of or pertaining to telesms; magical.
Telestic,Tending or relating to a purpose or an end.
Told,of Tell
Telling,of Tell
Tellable,Capable of being told.
Tellen,Any species of Tellina.
Tellership,The office or employment of a teller.
Telltale,Telling tales; babbling.
Tellural,Of or pertaining to the earth.
Tellurate,A salt of telluric acid.
Telluret,A telluride.
Tellureted,Combined or impregnated with tellurium; tellurized.
Tellurian,Of or pertaining to the earth.
Telluric,Of or pertaining to the earth; proceeding from the earth.
Tellurite,A salt of tellurous acid.
Teloogoo,See Telugu.
Telotrochae,of Telotrocha
Telotrocha,An annelid larva having telotrochal bands of cilia.
Telotrochal,Alt. of Telotrochous
Telpherage,The conveyance of vehicles or loads by means of electricity.
Telsons,of Telson
Temeration,Temerity.
Temerous,Temerarious.
Tempered,of Temper
Tempering,of Temper
Tempera,A mode or process of painting; distemper.
Temperable,Capable of being tempered.
Temperamental,Of or pertaining to temperament; constitutional.
Temperancy,Temperance.
Temperately,In a temperate manner.
Temperative,Having power to temper.
Temperature,Constitution; state; degree of any quality.
Tempestive,Seasonable; timely; as  tempestive showers.
Tempestivily,The quality  or state of being tempestive; seasonableness.
Template,Same as Templet.
Tempo,The rate or degree of movement in time.
Temporalities,of Temporality
Temporally,In a temporal manner; secularly.
Temporalness,Worldliness.
Temporalty,The laity; secular people.
Temporaneous,Temporarity.
Temporarily,In a temporary manner; for a time.
Temporist,A temporizer.
Temporization,The act of temporizing.
Temporized,of Temporize
Temporizing,of Temporize
Temporizingly,In a temporizing or yielding manner.
Temporofacial,Of or pertaining to both the temple and the face.
Temps,Time.
Tempse,See Temse.
Tempted,of Tempt
Tempting,of Tempt
Tempt,To put to trial; to prove; to test; to try.
Temptability,The quality or state of being temptable; lability to temptation.
Temptable,Capable of being tempted; liable to be tempted.
Temptation,The act of tempting  or enticing to evil; seduction.
Temptationless,Having no temptation or motive; as  a temptationless sin.
Temptatious,Tempting.
Temptress,A woman who entices.
Temse,A sieve.
Temulence,Alt. of Temulency
Temulency,Intoxication; inebriation; drunkenness.
Temulent,Intoxicated; drunken.
Temulentive,Somewhat temulent; addicted to drink.
Ten,One more than nine; twice five.
Tenability,The quality or state of being tenable; tenableness.
Tenableness,Same as Tenability.
Tenacula,of Tenaculum
Tenaculums,of Tenaculum
Tenacy,Tenaciousness; obstinacy.
Tenacies,of Tenancy
Tenanted,of Tenant
Tenanting,of Tenant
Tenantable,Fit to be rented; in a condition suitable for a tenant.
Tenantless,Having no tenants; unoccupied; as  a tenantless mansion.
Tenantry,The body of tenants; as  the tenantry of a manor or a kingdom.
Tenant saw,See Tenon saw  under Tenon.
Tend,To make a tender of; to offer or tender.
Tended,of Tend
Tending,of Tend
Tendance,The act of attending or waiting; attendance.
Tendence,Tendency.
Tendencies,of Tendency
Tendered,of Tender
Tendering,of Tender
Tender-hefted,Having great tenderness; easily moved.
Tenderling,One made tender by too much kindness; a fondling.
Tendinous,Pertaining to a tendon; of the nature of tendon.
Tendment,Attendance; care.
Tendonous,Tendinous.
Tendosynovitis,See Tenosynovitis.
Tendriled,Alt. of Tendrilled
Tendrilled,Furnished with tendrils  or with such or so many tendrils.
Tendron,A tendril.
Tendry,A tender; an offer.
Tene,See 1st and 2d Teen.
Tenebricose,Tenebrous; dark; gloomy.
Tenebrific,Rendering dark or gloomy; tenebrous; gloomy.
Tenebrificous,Tenebrific.
Tenebrious,Tenebrous.
Tenebrose,Characterized by darkness or gloom; tenebrous.
Tenebrosity,The quality or state of being tenebrous; tenebrousness.
Tenebrous,Dark; gloomy; dusky; tenebrious.
Tenementary,Capable of being leased; held by tenants.
Tenent,A tenet.
Tenerity,Tenderness.
Tenesmic,Of or pertaining to tenesmus; characterized by tenesmus.
Tenfold,In tens; consisting of ten in one; ten times repeated.
Tenia,See Taenia.
Tenioid,See Taenoid.
Tennu,The tapir.
Ten-o'clock,A plant  the star-of-Bethlehem. See under Star.
Tenonian,Discovered or described by M. Tenon  a French anatomist.
Tenosynovitis,Inflammation of the synovial sheath enveloping a tendon.
Tenotome,A slender knife for use in the operation of tenotomy.
Tenotomy,The division of a tendon  or the act of dividing a tendon.
Tensibility,The quality or state of being tensible; tensility.
Tensible,Capable of being extended or drawn out; ductile; tensible.
Tensile,Of or pertaining to extension; as  tensile strength.
Tensiled,Made tensile.
Tensioned,Extended or drawn out; subjected to tension.
Tensive,Giving the sensation of tension  stiffness or contraction.
Tensor,A muscle that stretches a part  or renders it tense.
Ten-strike,A knocking down of all ten pins at one delivery of the ball.
Tensure,Tension.
Tented,of Tent
Tenting,of Tent
Tentacled,Having tentacles.
Tentacular,Of or pertaining to a tentacle or tentacles.
Tentaculate,Alt. of Tentaculated
Tentaculated,Having tentacles  or organs like tentacles; tentacled.
Tentaculifera,Same as Suctoria  1.
Tentaculiferous,Producing or bearing tentacles.
Tentaculiform,Shaped like a tentacle.
Tentacula,of Tentaculum
Tentaculum,A tentacle.
Tentage,A collection of tents; an encampment.
Tentation,Trial; temptation.
Tentative,Of or pertaining to a trial or trials; essaying; experimental.
Tentered,of Tenter
Tentering,of Tenter
Tentfuls,of Tentful
Tentful,As much  or as many as a tent will hold.
Tenth,Next in order after the ninth; coming after nine others.
Tenthly,In a tenth manner.
Tenthmeter,Alt. of Tenthmetre
Tenthredinides,A group of Hymneoptera comprising the sawflies.
Tentif,Attentive.
Tentifly,Attentively.
Tentiginous,Stiff; stretched; strained.
Tentmaker,One whose occupation it is to make tents.
Tentory,The awning or covering of a tent.
Tentwort,A kind of small fern  the wall rue. See under Wall.
Tenuated,of Tenuate
Tenuating,of Tenuate
Tenuate,To make thin; to attenuate.
Tenuifolious,Having thin or narrow leaves.
Tenuious,Rare or subtile; tenuous; -- opposed to dense.
Tenuirosters,of Tenuiroster
Tenuiroster,One of the Tenuirostres.
Tenues,of Tenuis
Tenuous,Thin; slender; small; minute.
Tenure,The act or right of holding  as property especially real estate.
Teocallis,of Teocalli
Tepal,A division of a perianth.
Tepee,An Indian wigwam or tent.
Tepefaction,Act of tepefying.
Tepefied,of Tepefy
Tepefying,of Tepefy
Tepefy,To make or become tepid  or moderately warm.
Tephroite,A silicate of manganese of an ash-gray color.
Tepor,Gentle heat; moderate warmth; tepidness.
Teraphs,of Teraph
Teraph,See Teraphim.
Terapin,See Terrapin.
Teratical,Wonderful; ominous; prodigious.
Teratogeny,The formation of monsters.
Teratological,Of or pertaining to teratology; as  teratological changes.
Terce,See Tierce.
Tercel,See Tiercel. Called also tarsel  tassel.
Tercelet,A male hawk or eagle; a tiercelet.
Tercellene,A small male hawk.
Tercentenary,Including  or relating to an interval of three hundred years.
Tercet,A triplet.
Terebate,A salt of terebic acid.
Terebenthene,Oil of turpentine. See Turpentine.
Terebinth,The turpentine tree.
Terebinthinate,Impregnating with the qualities of turpentine; terbinthine.
Terebras,of Terebra
Terebrae,of Terebra
Terebrate,To perforate; to bore; to pierce.
Terebration,The act of terebrating  or boring.
Terebratulae,of Terebratula
Terebratuliform,Having the general form of a terebratula shell.
Teredine,A borer; the teredo.
Teredos,of Teredo
Teredines,of Teredo
Terephthalate,A salt of terephthalic acid.
Teret,Round; terete.
Teretous,Terete.
Tergal,Of or pertaining to back  or tergum. See Dorsal.
Tergant,Showing the back; as  the eagle tergant.
Tergeminal,Alt. of Tergeminate
Tergeminate,Thrice twin; having three pairs of leaflets.
Tergeminous,Threefold; thrice-paired.
Tergiferous,Carrying or bearing upon the back.
Tergiversate,To shift; to practice evasion; to use subterfuges; to shuffle.
Tergiversator,One who tergiversates; one who suffles  or practices evasion.
Terga,of Tergum
Tergum,The back of an animal.
Termed,of Term
Terming,of Term
Termatarium,Any nest or dwelling of termes  or white ants.
Termatary,Same as Termatarium.
Termites,of Termes
Terminable,Capable of being terminated or bounded; limitable.
Terminant,Termination; ending.
Terminated,of Terminate
Terminating,of Terminate
Terminational,Of or pertaining to termination; forming a termination.
Terminator,One who  or that which terminates.
Terminatory,Terminative.
Termine,To terminate.
Terminer,A determining; as  in oyer and terminer. See Oyer.
Terminism,The doctrine held by the Terminists.
Terminological,Of or pertaining to terminology.
Termini,of Terminus
Terminus,Literally  a boundary; a border; a limit.
Termly,Occurring every term; as  a termly fee.
Termonology,Terminology.
Termor,Same as Termer  2.
Ternaries,of Ternary
Ternion,The number three; three things together; a ternary.
Terpentic,Terpenylic.
Terpilene,A polymeric form of terpene  resembling terbene.
Terpsichorean,Of or pertaining to Terpsichore; of or pertaining to dancing.
Terra,The earth; earth.
Terraced,of Terrace
Terracing,of Terrace
Terraculture,Cultivation on the earth; agriculture.
Terrar,See 2d Terrier  2.
Terras,See /rass.
Terreen,See Turren.
Terreity,Quality of being earthy; earthiness.
Terremote,An earthquake.
Terrene,A tureen.
Terrenity,Earthiness; worldliness.
Terrestre,Terrestrial; earthly.
Terrestrious,Terrestrial.
Terre-tenant,One who has the actual possession of land; the occupant.
Terre-verte,An olive-green earth used as a pigment. See Glauconite.
Terrienniak,The arctic fox.
Terrier,An auger or borer.
Terrifical,Terrific.
Terrifically,In a terrific manner.
Terrified,of Terrify
Terrifying,of Terrify
Terrify,To make terrible.
Terrigenous,Earthborn; produced by the earth.
Territorialized,of Territorialize
Territorializing,of Territorialize
Territorialize,To enlarge by extension of territory.
Territorially,In regard to territory; by means of territory.
Territoried,Possessed of territory.
Territories,of Territory
Terrorize,To impress with terror; to coerce by intimidation.
Terrorless,Free from terror.
Terse,Appearing as if rubbed or wiped off; rubbed; smooth; polished.
Tersulphide,A trisulphide.
Tersulphuret,A trisulphide.
Ter-tenant,See Terre-tenant.
Tertial,Same as Tertiary.
Tertian,Occurring every third day; as  a tertian fever.
Tertiaries,of Tertiary
Tertiate,To do or perform for the third time.
Tesselar,Formed of tesserae  as a mosaic.
Tessellated,of Tessellate
Tessellating,of Tessellate
Tessellate,To form into squares or checkers; to lay with checkered work.
Tessellation,The act of tessellating; also  the mosaic work so formed.
Tesserae,of Tessera
Tesseraic,Diversified by squares; done in mosaic; tessellated.
Tesseral,Of  pertaining to or containing tesserae.
Tessular,Tesseral.
Tested,of Test
Testing,of Test
Tests,of Testa
Testae,of Testa
Testa,The external hard or firm covering of many invertebrate animals.
Testable,Capable of being tested or proved.
Testacean,Onr of the Testacea.
Testaceology,The science of testaceous mollusks; conchology.
Testamental,Of or pertaining to a testament; testamentary.
Testamentation,The act or power of giving by testament  or will.
Testamentize,To make a will.
Testation,A witnessing or witness.
Testator,A man who makes and leaves a will  or testament at death.
Testatrix,A woman who makes and leaves a will at death; a female testator.
Teste,A witness.
Tester,A headpiece; a helmet.
Testern,A sixpence; a tester.
Testes,pl. of Teste  or of Testis.
Testicular,Of or pertaining to the testicle.
Testiculate,Shaped like a testicle  ovate and solid.
Testiere,A piece of plate armor for the head of a war horse; a tester.
Testif,Testy; headstrong; obstinate.
Testificator,A testifier.
Testified,of Testify
Testifying,of Testify
Testimonies,of Testimony
Testiness,The quality or state of being testy; fretfulness; petulance.
Testis,A testicle.
Teston,A tester; a sixpence.
Testudinal,Of  pertaining to or resembling a tortoise.
Testudinate,Alt. of Testudinated
Testudineous,Resembling the shell of a tortoise.
Testudines,of Testudo
Testy,Fretful; peevish; petulant; easily irritated.
Tetanization,The production or condition of tetanus.
Tetanoid,Resembling tetanus.
Tetartohedrism,The property of being tetartohedral.
Tetaug,See Tautog.
Tetchiness,See Techiness.
Tetchy,See Techy.
Tete,A kind of wig; false hair.
Tetes-de-pont,of Tete-de-pont
Tethered,of Tether
Tethering,of Tether
Tethydan,A tunicate.
Tetraboric,Same as Pyroboric.
Tetrabranchiate,Of or pertaining to the Tetrabranchiata.
Tetracarpel,Composed of four carpels.
Tetracoccous,Having four cocci  or carpels.
Tetracoralla,Same as Rugosa.
Tetrad,The number four; a collection of four things; a quaternion.
Tetradactyl,Alt. of Tetradactyle
Tetradactyle,Tetradactylous.
Tetradactylous,Having  or characterized by four digits to the foot or hand.
Tetradecapoda,Same as Arthrostraca.
Tetradon,See Tetrodon.
Tetradont,See Tetrodont.
Tetradrachm,Alt. of Tetradrachma
Tetradynamian,A plant of the order Tetradynamia.
Tetragynia,A Linnaean order of plants having four styles.
Tetragynian,Alt. of Tetragynous
Tetragynous,Belonging to the order Tetragynia; having four styles.
Tetrahedral,Having  or composed of four sides.
Tetrahedrally,In a tetrahedral manner.
Tetrahedron,A solid figure inclosed or bounded by four triangles.
Tetrahexahedral,Pertaining to a tetrahexahedron.
Tetrakishexahedron,A tetrahexahedron.
Tetrandria,A Linnaean class of plants having four stamens.
Tetrandrian,Alt. of Tetrandrous
Tetrandrous,Belonging to the class Tetrandria.
Tetrapharmacom,Alt. of Tetrapharmacum
Tetraphenol,Furfuran.
Tetrapnuemonian,One of the Tetrapneumona.
Tetrapody,A set of four feet; a measure or distance of four feet.
Tetrapteran,An insect having four wings.
Tetrapterous,Having four wings.
Tetraptote,A noun that has four cases only.
Tetrarchate,A tetrarchy.
Tetrarchical,Of or pertaining to a tetrarch or tetrarchy.
Tetrarchies,of Tetrarchy
Tetraschistic,Characterized by division into four parts.
Tetrasepalous,Having four sepals.
Tetraspaston,A machine in which four pulleys act together.
Tetraspermous,Having four seeds.
Tetrastich,A stanza  epigram or poem consisting of four verses or lines.
Tetrasyllabic,Alt. of Tetrasyllabical
Tetrasyllabical,Consisting of  or having four syllables; quadrisyllabic.
Terrasyllable,A word consisting of four syllables; a quadrisyllable.
Tetrathecal,Having four loculaments  or thecae.
Tetrathionate,A salt of tetrathionic acid.
Tetravalence,The quality or state of being tetravalent; quadrivalence.
Tetravalent,Having a valence of four; tetratomic; quadrivalent.
Tetric,Alt. of Tetrical
Tetrical,Forward; perverse; harsh; sour; rugged.
Tetricity,Crabbedness; perverseness.
Tetricous,Tetric.
Tetrodont,Of or pertaining to the tetrodons.
Tetryl,Butyl; -- so called from the four carbon atoms in the molecule.
Tetter,A vesicular disease of the skin; herpes. See Herpes.
Tettered,of Tetter
Tettering,of Tetter
Tetterous,Having the character of  or pertaining to tetter.
Tettish,Captious; testy.
Tettix,The cicada.
Tetty,Testy; irritable.
Teufit,The lapwing; -- called also teuchit.
Teuk,The redshank.
Teutons,of Teuton
Teutones,of Teuton
Tewed,of Tew
Tewing,of Tew
Tew,To prepare by beating or working  as leather or hemp; to taw.
Tewel,A pipe  funnel or chimney as for smoke.
Tewhit,The lapwing; -- called also teewheep.
Tewtaw,To beat; to break  as flax or hemp.
Textmen,of Textman
Textman,One ready in quoting texts.
Textorial,Of or pertaining to weaving.
Textrine,Of or pertaining to weaving  textorial; as the textrine art.
Textualist,A textman; a textuary.
Textuarist,A textuary.
Textuary,Contained in the text; textual.
Textuel,Textual.
Textuist,A textualist; a textman.
Textural,Of or pertaining to texture.
Texture,The act or art of weaving.
Textured,of Texture
Texturing,of Texture
Textury,The art or process of weaving; texture.
Teyne,A thin plate of metal.
Thack,Alt. of Thacker
Thacker,See Thatch  Thatcher.
Thak,To thwack.
Thalamic,Of or pertaining to a thalamus or to thalami.
Thalamifloral,Alt. of Thalamiflorous
Thalamophora,Same as Foraminifera.
Thalami,of Thalamus
Thalassian,Any sea tortoise.
Thalassography,The study or science of the life of marine organisms.
Thalia,That one of the nine Muses who presided over comedy.
Thallate,A salt of a hypothetical thallic acid.
Thalline,Consisting of a thallus.
Thallious,See Thallous.
Thalloid,Resembling  or consisting of thallus.
Thallophyte,Same as Thallogen.
Thalli,of Thallus
Thammuz,Alt. of Tammuz
Thamnophile,A bush shrike.
Thanatoid,Deathlike; resembling death.
Thanatology,A description  or the doctrine of death.
Thanatopsis,A view of death; a meditation on the subject of death.
Thanedom,The property or jurisdiction of a thane; thanage.
Thanehood,The character or dignity of a thane; also  thanes collectively.
Thanks,of Thank
Thanked,of Thank
Thanking,of Thank
Thankful,Obtaining or deserving thanks; thankworthy.
Thankly,Thankfully.
Thanksgive,To give or dedicate in token of thanks.
Thanksgiver,One who gives thanks  or acknowledges a kindness.
Thankworthiness,The quality or state of being thankworthy.
Thankworthy,Deserving thanks; worthy of gratitude; mreitorious.
Tharms,Twisted guts.
Thatched,of Thatch
Thatching,of Thatch
Thatcher,One who thatches.
Thaught,See Thwart.
Thaumatolatry,Worship or undue admiration of wonderful or miraculous things.
Thaumaturge,A magician; a wonder worker.
Thaumaturgic,Alt. of Thaumaturgical
Thaumaturgical,Of or pertaining to thaumaturgy; magical; wonderful.
Thaumaturgics,Feats of legerdemain  or magical performances.
Thaumaturgist,One who deals in wonders  or believes in them; a wonder worker.
Thave,Same as Theave.
Thawed,of Thaw
Thawing,of Thaw
Thawy,Liquefying by heat after having been frozen; thawing; melting.
The,See Thee.
Thea,A genus of plants found in China and Japan; the tea plant.
Theanthropic,Alt. of Theanthropical
Theanthropical,Partaking of  or combining both divinity and humanity.
Theanthropism,A state of being God and man.
Theanthropist,One who advocates  or believes in theanthropism.
Theanthropy,Theanthropism.
Thearchic,Divinely sovereign or supreme.
Thearchy,Government by God; divine sovereignty; theocracy.
Theater,Alt. of Theatre
Theatin,Alt. of Theatine
Theatral,Of or pertaining to a theater; theatrical.
Theatric,Theatrical.
Theatricals,Dramatic performances; especially  those produced by amateurs.
Theave,A ewe lamb of the first year; also  a sheep three years old.
Thebaid,A Latin epic poem by Statius about Thebes in Boeotia.
Theban,Of or pertaining to Thebes.
Thecae,of Theca
Thecal,Of or pertaining to a theca; as  a thecal abscess.
Thecaphore,A surface or organ bearing a theca  or covered with thecae.
Thecasporous,Having the spores in thecae  or cases.
Thecata,Same as Thecophora.
Thecodont,Having the teeth inserted in sockets in the alveoli of the jaws.
Thedom,Success; fortune; luck; chance.
Thee,To thrive; to prosper.
Thegn,Thane. See Thane.
Thegnhood,Thanehood.
Theiform,Having the form of tea.
Theine,See Caffeine. Called also theina.
Theistic,Alt. of Theistical
Thelytokous,Producing females only; -- said of certain female insects.
Them,The objective case of they. See They.
Thematic,Of or pertaining to the theme of a word. See Theme  n. 4.
Themis,The goddess of law and order; the patroness of existing rights.
Thenadays,At that time; then; in those days; -- correlative to nowadays.
Thenal,Alt. of Thenar
Thenar,Of or pertaining to the thenar; corresponding to thenar; palmar.
Thence,From that place.
Thenceforth,From that time; thereafter.
Thenceforward,From that time onward; thenceforth.
Thencefrom,From that place.
Theobroma,A genus of small trees. See Cacao.
Theochristic,Anointed by God.
Theocratic,Alt. of Theocratical
Theogonic,Of or relating to theogony.
Theogonism,Theogony.
Theogonist,A writer on theogony.
Theologaster,A pretender or quack in theology.
Theologer,A theologian.
Theologic,Theological.
Theologics,Theology.
Theologist,A theologian.
Theologized,of Theologize
Theologizing,of Theologize
Theologizer,One who theologizes; a theologian.
Theologue,A theologian.
Theologies,of Theology
Theopathetic,Alt. of Theopathic
Theopathic,Of or pertaining to a theopathy.
Theopathy,Capacity for religious affections or worship.
Theophanic,Of or pertaining to a theopany; appearing to man  as a god.
Theophilanthropic,Pertaining to theophilanthropy or the theophilanthropists.
Theophilanthropism,The doctrine of the theophilanthropists; theophilanthropy.
Theophilanthropy,Theophilanthropism.
Theopneusted,Divinely inspired; theopneustic.
Theopneustic,Given by the inspiration of the Spirit of God.
Theorbist,One who plays on a theorbo.
Theorematic,Alt. of Theorematical
Theorematist,One who constructs theorems.
Theoremic,Theorematic.
Theoretic,Alt. of Theoretical
Theoretics,The speculative part of a science; speculation.
Theoric,Of or pertaining to the theorica.
Theorical,Theoretic.
Theorically,In a theoretic manner.
Theorized,of Theorize
Theorizing,of Theorize
Theorizer,One who theorizes or speculates; a theorist.
Theories,of Theory
Theosoph,Alt. of Theosopher
Theosopher,A theosophist.
Theosophic,Alt. of Theosophical
Theosophical,Of or pertaining to theosophy.
Theosophism,Belief in theosophy.
Theosophist,One addicted to theosophy.
Theosophistical,Of or pertaining to theosophy; theosophical.
Theosophized,of Theosophize
Theosophizing,of Theosophize
Theosophize,To practice theosophy.
Therapeutic,Alt. of Therapeutical
Therapy,Therapeutics.
There,In or at that place.
Thereabout,Alt. of Thereabouts
Thereabouts,Near that place.
Thereafter,After that; afterward.
Thereagain,In opposition; against one's course.
There-anent,Concerning that.
Thereat,At that place; there.
Therebefore,Alt. of Therebiforn
Therebiforn,Before that time; beforehand.
Thereby,By that; by that means; in consequence of that.
Therefor,For that  or this; for it.
Therefrom,From this or that.
Thereinto,Into that or this  or into that place.
Thereof,Of that or this.
Thereology,Therapeutios.
Thereon,On that or this.
Thereout,Out of that or this.
Thereto,To that or this.
Theretofore,Up to that time; before then; -- correlative with heretofore.
Thereunder,Under that or this.
Thereunto,Unto that or this; thereto; besides.
Thereupon,Upon that or this; thereon.
Therewhile,At that time; at the same time.
Therewith,With that or this.
Therewithal,Over and above; besides; moreover.
Therf,Not fermented; unleavened; -- said of bread  loaves etc.
Theriac,Alt. of Theriaca
Theriacal,Of or pertaining to theriac; medicinal.
Therial,Theriac.
Theriodont,One of the Theriodontia. Used also adjectively.
Theriodonta,Same as Theriodontia.
Theriotomy,Zootomy.
Thermae,Springs or baths of warm or hot water.
Thermally,In a thermal manner.
Thermobattery,A thermoelectric battery; a thermopile.
Thermocautery,Cautery by the application of heat.
Thermochemic,Alt. of Thermochemical
Thermoelectric,Pertaining to thermoelectricity; as  thermoelectric currents.
Thermogenous,Producing heat; thermogenic.
Thermology,A discourse on  or an account of heat.
Thermolyze,To subject to thermolysis; to dissociate by heat.
Thermometric,Alt. of Thermometrical
Thermometrically,In a thermometrical manner; by means of a thermometer.
Thermomultiplier,Same as Thermopile.
Thermotic,Alt. of Thermotical
Thermotics,The science of heat.
Thermotropic,Manifesting thermotropism.
Thermotypy,The art or process of obtaining thermotypes.
Theromorpha,See Theriodonta.
Thesauri,of Thesaurus
These,The plural of this. See This.
Thesicle,A little or subordinate thesis; a proposition.
Theses,of Thesis
Thessalian,Of or pertaining to Thessaly in Greece.
Thessalonian,Of or pertaining to Thessalonica  a city of Macedonia.
Thetical,Laid down; absolute or positive  as a law.
Theurgic,Alt. of Theurgical
Theurgical,Of or pertaining to theurgy; magical.
Theurgist,One who pretends to  or is addicted to theurgy.
Theurgy,A divine work; a miracle; hence  magic; sorcery.
Thewed,Furnished with thews or muscles; as  a well-thewed limb.
Thialdine,A weak nitrogenous sulphur base  C6H13NS2.
Thibetan,Of or pertaining to Thibet.
Thibet cloth,A fabric made of coarse goat's hair; a kind of camlet.
Thibetian,Same as Thibetan.
Thible,A slice; a skimmer; a spatula; a pudding stick.
Thickbill,The bullfinch.
Thickened,of Thicken
Thickening,of Thicken
Thicken,To make thick (in any sense of the word).
Thickhead,A thick-headed or stupid person.
Thick-headed,Having a thick skull; stupid.
Thickish,Somewhat thick.
Thick-knee,A stone curlew. See under Stone.
Thickly,In a thick manner; deeply; closely.
Thickset,Close planted; as  a thickset wood; a thickset hedge.
Thick-skinned,Having a thick skin; hence  not sensitive; dull; obtuse.
Thickskull,A dullard  or dull person; a blockhead; a numskull.
Thick-skulled,Having a thick skull; hence  dull; heavy; stupid; slow to learn.
Thick-winded,Affected with thick wind.
Thider,Thither.
Thiderward,Thitherward.
Thieves,of Thief
Thief,One who steals; one who commits theft or larceny. See Theft.
Thiefly,Like a thief; thievish; thievishly.
Thieved,of Thieve
Thieving,of Thieve
Thieve,To practice theft; to steal.
Thievery,The practice of stealing; theft; thievishness.
Thilk,That same; this; that.
Thimbleeye,The chub mackerel. See under Chub.
Thimblefuls,of Thimbleful
Thimbleful,As much as a thimble will hold; a very small quantity.
Thimblerigged,of Thimblerig
Thimblerigging,of Thimblerig
Thimblerigger,One who cheats by thimblerigging  or tricks of legerdemain.
Thinned,of Thin
Thinning,of Thin
Thought,of Think
Thinking,of Think
Thinkable,Capable of being thought or conceived; cogitable.
Thinner,One who thins  or makes thinner.
Thinnish,Somewhat thin.
Thin-skinned,Having a thin skin; hence  sensitive; irritable.
Thiocarbonate,A sulphocarbonate.
Thiocarbonic,Same as Sulphocarbonic.
Thiocyanate,Same as Sulphocyanate.
Thiocyanic,Same as Sulphocyanic.
Thiosulphate,A salt of thiosulphuric acid; -- formerly called hyposulphite.
Third-borough,An under constable.
Thirdly,In the third place.
Thirled,of Thirl
Thirling,of Thirl
Thirl,To bore; to drill or thrill. See Thrill.
Thirsted,of Thirst
Thirsting,of Thirst
Thirster,One who thirsts.
Thirstily,In a thirsty manner.
Thirstiness,The state of being thirsty; thirst.
Thirstle,The throstle.
Thirties,of Thirty
Thistly,Overgrown with thistles; as  thistly ground.
Thither,To that place; -- opposed to hither.
Thitherto,To that point; so far.
Thitherward,To ward that place; in that direction.
Thitsee,The varnish tree of Burmah (Melanorrhoea usitatissima).
Tho,The.
Tholed,of Thole
Tholing,of Thole
Thomaean,Alt. of Thomean
Thomism,Alt. of Thomaism
Thomist,A follower of Thomas Aquinas. See Scotist.
Thomite,A Thomaean.
Thomsonian,Of or pertaining to Thomsonianism.
Thong,A strap of leather; especially  one used for fastening anything.
Thor,The god of thunder  and son of Odin.
Thoracic,Of or pertaining to the thorax  or chest.
Thoracometer,Same as Stethometer.
Thoracotomy,The operation of opening the pleural cavity by incision.
Thoral,Of or pertaining to a bed.
Thornbut,The turbot.
Thorn-headed,Having a head armed with thorns or spines.
Thornless,Destitute of  or free from thorns.
Thornset,Set with thorns.
Thoro,Thorough.
Thorough,Through.
Thoroughgoing,Going through  or to the end or bottom; very thorough; complete.
Thoroughly,In a thorough manner; fully; entirely; completely.
Thoroughness,The quality or state of being thorough; completeness.
Thoroughsped,Fully accomplished; thoroughplaced.
Thoroughstitch,So as to go the whole length of any business; fully; completely.
Thoroughwort,Same as Boneset.
Thorow,Through.
Thorp,Alt. of Thorpe
Those,The plural of that. See That.
Though,Granting  admitting or supposing that; notwithstanding that; if.
Thousandfold,Multiplied by a thousand.
Thousand legs,A millepid  or galleyworm; -- called also thousand-legged worm.
Thowel,Alt. of Thowl
Thowl,A thole pin.
Thracian,Of or pertaining to Thrace  or its people.
Thrack,To load or burden; as  to thrack a man with property.
Thrackscat,Metal still in the mine.
Thraldom,The condition of a thrall; slavery; bondage; state of servitude.
Thrall,A slave; a bondman.
Thralldom,Thraldom.
Thrall-less,Having no thralls.
Thrapple,Windpipe; throttle.
Thrashed,of Thresh
Thrashing,of Thresh
Thrash,Alt. of Thresh
Thrashel,An instrument to thrash with; a flail.
Thrasher,Alt. of Thresher
Thresher,One who  or that which thrashes grain; a thrashing machine.
Thraste,of Thraste
Thrast,of Thraste
Thraw,See Throse.
Threaded,of Thread
Threading,of Thread
Threadbareness,The state of being threadbare.
Threaden,Made of thread; as  threaden sails; a threaden fillet.
Threader,A device for assisting in threading a needle.
Threadfish,The cutlass fish.
Threadiness,Quality of being thready.
Thread-shaped,Having the form of a thread; filiform.
Threaped,of Threap
Threaping,of Threap
Threap,To call; to name.
Threatened,of Threaten
Threatening,of Threaten
Threatener,One who threatens.
Threatful,Full of threats; having a menacing appearance.
Threave,Same as Thrave.
Three,One more than two; two and one.
Three-cornered,Having three corners  or angles; as a three-cornered hat.
Three-decker,A vessel of war carrying guns on three decks.
Three-flowered,Bearing three flowers together  or only three flowers.
Three-leafed,Alt. of Three-leaved
Three-leaved,Producing three leaves; as  three-leaved nightshade.
Three-lobed,Having three lobes.
Three-nerved,Having three nerves.
Three-parted,Divided into  or consisting of three parts; tripartite.
Threepence,A small silver coin of three times the value of a penny.
Three-piled,Having the quality of three-pile; best; most costly.
Three-pointed,Having three acute or setigerous points; tricuspidate.
Three-quarter,Measuring thirty inches by twenty-five; -- said of portraitures.
Three-score,Thrice twenty; sixty.
Threne,Lamentation; threnody; a dirge.
Threnetic,Alt. of Threnetical
Threnetical,Pertaining to a threne; sorrowful; mournful.
Threnode,A threne  or threnody; a dirge; a funeral song.
Threnodist,One who composes  delivers or utters a threnode or threnody.
Threnody,A song of lamentation; a threnode.
Threpe,To call; to term.
Threpsology,The doctrine of nutrition; a treatise on nutrition.
Threshed,of Thresh
Threshing,of Thresh
Thresh-fold,Threshold.
Threshwold,Threshold.
Threste,of Threste
Threst,of Threste
Thretteen,Thirteen.
Thretty,Thirty.
Threw,imp. of Throw.
Thribble,Triple; treble; threefold.
Thrice,Three times.
Thricecock,The missel thrush.
Thrid,Third.
Thridded,of Thrid
Thridding,of Thrid
Thrifallow,See Thryfallow  and Trifallow.
Thriftily,In a thrifty manner.
Thriftiness,The quality or state of being thrifty; thrift.
Thriftless,Without thrift; not prudent or prosperous in money affairs.
Thrill,A warbling; a trill.
Thrilled,of Thrill
Thrilling,of Thrill
Thrillant,Piercing; sharp; thrilling.
Throng,of Thring
Thring,To press  crowd or throng.
Thrist,Thrist.
Thrittene,Thirteen.
Throve,of Thrive
Thrived,of Thrive
Thriven,of Thrive
Thriving,of Thrive
Thriver,One who thrives  or prospers.
Thrivingly,In a thriving manner.
Thro',A contraction of Through.
Throatband,Same as Throatlatch.
Throatboll,The Adam's apple in the neck.
Throating,A drip  or drip molding.
Throaty,Guttural; hoarse; having a guttural voice.
Throbbed,of Throb
Throbbing,of Throb
Throdden,To grow; to thrive.
Thrombi,of Thrombus
Throned,of Throne
Throning,of Throne
Throneless,Having no throne.
Thronged,of Throng
Thronging,of Throng
Throngly,In throngs or crowds.
Throp,A thorp.
Thropple,The windpipe.
Throstle,The song thrush. See under Song.
Throttle,The windpipe  or trachea; the weasand.
Throttled,of Throttle
Throttling,of Throttle
Throttler,One who  or that which throttles or chokes.
Throughly,Thoroughly.
Throw,Pain; especially  pain of travail; throe.
Thrown,of Throw
Throwing,of Throw
Throw-crook,An instrument used for twisting ropes out of straw.
Throwe,A turning lathe.
Throw-off,A start in a hunt or a race.
Throwster,One who throws or twists silk; a thrower.
Thru,adv. & a.  Through.
Thrummed,of Thrum
Thrumming,of Thrum
Thrummy,Like thrums; made of  furnished with or characterized by thrums.
Thrumwort,A kind of amaranth (Amarantus caudatus).
Thruout,Throughout.
Thrushel,The song thrush.
Thrusher,The song thrush.
Thrust,Thrist.
Thrusting,of Thrust
Thruster,One who thrusts or stabs.
Thrustle,The throstle  or song thrust.
Thryes,Thrice.
Thryfallow,To plow for the third time in summer; to trifallow.
Thuggee,The practice of secret or stealthy murder by Thugs.
Thuggery,Alt. of Thuggism
Thuggism,Thuggee.
Thulia,Oxide of thulium.
Thumbed,of Thumb
Thumbing,of Thumb
Thumbbird,The goldcrest.
Thumbless,Without a thumb.
Thummie,The chiff-chaff.
Thumped,of Thump
Thumping,of Thump
Thumper,One who  or that which thumps.
Thundered,of Thunder
Thundering,of Thunder
Thunderburst,A burst of thunder.
Thunderfish,A large European loach (Misgurnus fossilis).
Thunderless,Without thunder or noise.
Thunderous,Producing thunder.
Thunderproof,Secure against the effects of thunder or lightning.
Thundershower,A shower accompanied with lightning and thunder.
Thunderstone,A thunderbolt  -- formerly believed to be a stone.
Thunderstorm,A storm accompanied with lightning and thunder.
Thunderstruck,of Thunderstrike
Thunderstriking,of Thunderstrike
Thunderstrike,To strike  blast or injure by or as by lightning.
Thundery,Accompanied with thunder; thunderous.
Thundrous,Thunderous; sonorous.
Thunny,The tunny.
Thurgh,Through.
Thurghfare,Thoroughfare.
Thuriferous,Producing or bearing frankincense.
Thurification,The act of fuming with incense  or the act of burning incense.
Thurl,A hole; an aperture.
Thurling,Same as Thurl  n. 2 (a).
Thurrok,The hold of a ship; a sink.
Thussock,See Tussock.
Thuya,Same as Thuja.
Thwacked,of Thwack
Thwacking,of Thwack
Thwaite,The twaite.
Thwart,Situated or placed across something else; transverse; oblique.
Thwarted,of Thwart
Thwarting,of Thwart
Thwartingly,In a thwarting or obstructing manner; so as to thwart.
Thwartly,Transversely; obliquely.
Thwartness,The quality or state of being thwart; obliquity; perverseness.
Thwite,To cut or clip with a knife; to whittle.
Thwittle,To cut or whittle.
Thylacine,The zebra wolf. See under Wolf.
Thymate,A compound of thymol analogous to a salt; as  sodium thymate.
Thymene,A liquid terpene obtained from oil of thyme.
Thymiatechny,The art of employing perfumes in medicine.
Thymic,Of or pertaining to the thymus gland.
Thymus,Of  pertaining to or designating the thymus gland.
Thymy,Abounding with thyme; fragrant; as  a thymy vale.
Thyroideal,Thyroid.
Thyrotomy,The operation of cutting into the thyroid cartilage.
Thyrse,A thyrsus.
Thyrsoid,Alt. of Thyrsoidal
Thyrsoidal,Having somewhat the form of a thyrsus.
Thyrsi,of Thyrsus
Thysanopter,One of the Thysanoptera.
Thysanopteran,One of the Thysanoptera.
Thysanopterous,Of or pertaining to the Thysanoptera.
Thysanuran,One of the Thysanura. Also used adjectively.
Thysanurous,Of or pertaining to the Thysanura.
Thysbe,A common clearwing moth (Hemaris thysbe).
Tiar,A tiara.
Tiaraed,Adorned with  or wearing a tiara.
Tib-cat,A female cat.
Tibiae,of Tibia
Tibial,Of or pertaining to a tibia.
Tibialia,of Tibiale
Tibicinate,To play on a tibia  or pipe.
Tibiotarsi,of Tibiotarsus
Tibrie,The pollack.
Tice,To entice.
Ticement,Enticement.
Tick,Credit; trust; as  to buy on or upon tick.
Ticked,of Tick
Ticking,of Tick
Ticken,See Ticking.
Ticketed,of Ticket
Ticketing,of Ticket
Tickled,of Tickle
Tickling,of Tickle
Tickle-footed,Uncertain; inconstant; slippery.
Ticklenburg,A coarse  mixed linen fabric made to be sold in the West Indies.
Tickleness,Unsteadiness.
Tickler,One who  or that which tickles.
Ticktack,A noise like that made by a clock or a watch.
Tid,Tender; soft; nice; -- now only used in tidbit.
Tidde,imp. of Tide  v. i.
Tidder,Alt. of Tiddle
Tiddle,To use with tenderness; to fondle.
Tide,Time; period; season.
Tided,Affected by the tide; having a tide.
Tideless,Having no tide.
Tide-rode,Swung by the tide when at anchor; -- opposed to wind-rode.
Tidesmen,of Tidesman
Tideway,Channel in which the tide sets.
Tidife,The blue titmouse.
Tidily,In a tidy manner.
Tidiness,The quality or state of being tidy.
Tiding,Tidings.
Tidings,Account of what has taken place  and was not before known; news.
Tidley,The wren.
Tidy,The wren; -- called also tiddy.
Tidies,of Tidy
Tidied,of Tidy
Tidying,of Tidy
Ties,of Tie
Tie,A knot; a fastening.
Tied,of Tie
Tight,of Tie
Tying,of Tie
Tiebar,A flat bar used as a tie.
Tier,One who  or that which ties.
Tiercel,Alt. of Tiercelet
Tierce-major,See Tierce  4.
Tiercet,A triplet; three lines  or three lines rhyming together.
Tie-rod,A rod used as a tie. See Tie.
Tietick,The meadow pipit.
Tiff,Liquor; especially  a small draught of liquor.
Tiffed,of Tiff
Tiffing,of Tiff
Tiffany,A species of gause  or very silk.
Tiffish,Inclined to tiffs; peevish; petulant.
Tift,A fit of pettishness  or slight anger; a tiff.
Tig,A game among children. See Tag.
Tigelle,Same as Tigella.
Tiger-foot,Same as Tiger's-foot.
Tiger-footed,Hastening to devour; furious.
Tigerine,Tigerish; tigrine.
Tigerish,Like a tiger; tigrish.
Tigh,A close  or inclosure; a croft.
Tightened,of Tighten
Tightening,of Tighten
Tighten,To draw tighter; to straiten; to make more close in any manner.
Tightener,That which tightens; specifically (Mach.)  a tightening pulley.
Tighter,A ribbon or string used to draw clothes closer.
Tightly,In a tight manner; closely; nearly.
Tightness,The quality or condition of being tight.
Tigress,The female of the tiger.
Tigrine,Of or pertaining to a tiger; like a tiger.
Tigrish,Resembling a tiger; tigerish.
Tike,A tick. See 2d Tick.
Tikus,The bulau.
Til,See Till.
Tilburies,of Tilbury
Tilbury,A kind of gig or two-wheeled carriage  without a top or cover.
Tiled,of Tile
Tiling,of Tile
Tile-drain,To drain by means of tiles; to furnish with a tile drain.
Tiler,A man whose occupation is to cover buildings with tiles.
Tileries,of Tilery
Tilery,A place where tiles are made or burned; a tile kiln.
Till,A vetch; a tare.
Tilled,of Till
Tilling,of Till
Tillable,Capable of being tilled; fit for the plow; arable.
Tiller,One who tills; a husbandman; a cultivator; a plowman.
Tillered,of Tiller
Tillering,of Tiller
Tilley,Alt. of Tilley seed
Tillmen,of Tillman
Tillman,A man who tills the earth; a husbandman.
Tillodont,One of the Tillodontia.
Tillow,See 3d Tiller.
Tilmus,Floccillation.
Tilt,A covering overhead; especially  a tent.
Tilted,of Tilt
Tilting,of Tilt
Tilter,One who tilts  or jousts; hence one who fights.
Til tree,See Teil.
Tilt-up,Same as Tip-up.
Tilt-yard,A yard or place for tilting.
Timal,The blue titmouse.
Timbal,A kettledrum. See Tymbal.
Timbered,of Timber
Timbering,of Timber
Timberling,A small tree.
Timbermen,of Timberman
Timberman,A man employed in placing supports of timber in a mine.
Timberwork,Work made of timbers.
Timbre,See 1st Timber.
Timbreled,Alt. of Timbrelled
Timbrelled,Sung to the sound of the timbrel.
Timburine,A tambourine.
Times,of Time
Timed,of Time
Timing,of Time
Timeful,Seasonable; timely; sufficiently early.
Timekeeper,A clock  watch or other chronometer; a timepiece.
Timeless,Done at an improper time; unseasonable; untimely.
Timelessly,In a timeless manner; unseasonably.
Timeling,A timeserver.
Timely,Being or occurring in good time; sufficiently early; seasonable.
Timeous,Timely; seasonable.
Timesaving,Saving time; as  a timesaving expedient.
Timidity,The quality or state of being timid; timorousness; timidness.
Timidous,Timid.
Timist,A performer who keeps good time.
Timmer,Same as 1st Timber.
Timocracy,A state in which the love of honor is the ruling motive.
Timocratic,Belonging to  or constituted by timocracy.
Timoneer,A helmsman.
Timorous,Fearful of danger; timid; deficient in courage.
Timorsome,Easily frightened; timorous.
Timothy,Alt. of Timothy grass
Timous,Timely; seasonable.
Timpani,of Timpano
Timpano,See Tympano.
Tim-whiskey,A kind of carriage. See Whiskey.
Tinned,of Tin
Tinning,of Tin
Tinamides,A division of struthious birds  including the tinamous.
Tinct,Tined; tinged.
Tincture,A tinge or shade of color; a tint; as  a tincture of red.
Tinctured,of Tincture
Tincturing,of Tincture
Tind,To kindle.
Tine,Trouble; distress; teen.
Tined,Furnished with tines; as  a three-tined fork.
Tineid,Same as Tinean.
Tinemen,of Tineman
Tinet,Brushwood and thorns for making and repairing hedges.
Ting,A sharp sound  as of a bell; a tinkling.
Tinged,of Tinge
Tingeing,of Tinge
Tingent,Having the power to tinge.
Tinger,One who  or that which tinges.
Tingid,Of or pertaining to the genus Tingis.
Tingled,of Tingle
Tingling,of Tingle
Tink,To make a sharp  shrill noise; to tinkle.
Tinker,A mender of brass kettles  pans and other metal ware.
Tinkered,of Tinker
Tinkering,of Tinker
Tinkerly,After the manner of a tinker.
Tinkershire,Alt. of Tinkle
Tinkle,The common guillemot.
Tinkled,of Tinkle
Tinkling,of Tinkle
Tinkler,A tinker.
Tinmen,of Tinman
Tinman,A manufacturer of tin vessels; a dealer in tinware.
Tinmouth,The crappie.
Tinnen,Made or consisting of tin.
Tinner,One who works in a tin mine.
Tinnient,Emitting a clear sound.
Tinnock,The blue titmouse.
Tinny,Pertaining to  abounding with or resembling tin.
Tinseled,of Tinsel
Tinselled,of Tinsel
Tinseling,of Tinsel
Tinselling,of Tinsel
Tinselly,Like tinsel; gaudy; showy  but cheap.
Tinsmith,One who works in tin; a tinner.
Tinstone,Cassiterite.
Tint,A slight coloring.
Tinted,of Tint
Tinting,of Tint
Tintamar,A hideous or confused noise; an uproar.
Tinternell,A certain old dance.
Tintle,The wren.
Tintinnabular,Alt. of Tintinnabulary
Tintinnabulary,Having or making the sound of a bell; tinkling.
Tintinnabulation,A tinkling sound  as of a bell or bells.
Tintype,Same as Ferrotype.
Tinware,Articles made of tinned iron.
Tiny,Very small; little; puny.
Tipped,of Tip
Tipping,of Tip
Tippled,of Tipple
Tippling,of Tipple
Tippler,One who keeps a tippling-house.
Tipsify,To make tipsy.
Tipsily,In a tipsy manner; like one tipsy.
Tipsiness,The state of being tipsy.
Tipstaff,of Tipstaff
Tiptoes,of Tiptoe
Tiptoe,The end  or tip of the toe.
Tiptop,The highest or utmost degree; the best of anything.
Tipulae,of Tipula
Tipulas,of Tipula
Tipulary,Of or pertaining to the tipulas.
Tire,A tier  row or rank. See Tier.
Tired,of Tire
Tiring,of Tire
Tiredness,The state of being tired  or weary.
Tireless,Untiring.
Tireling,Tired; fatigued.
Tire-women,of Tire-woman
Tire-woman,A lady's maid.
Tiring-house,A tiring-room.
Tiring-room,The room or place where players dress for the stage.
Tirma,The oyster catcher.
Tiro,Same as Tyro.
T iron,See under T.
Tirwit,The lapwing.
'T is,A common contraction of it is.
Tisane,See Ptisan.
Tisar,The fireplace at the side of an annealing oven.
Tisic,Alt. of Tisical
Tisical,Consumptive  phthisical.
Tisicky,Consumptive  phthisical.
Tissue,A woven fabric.
Tissued,of Tissue
Tissuing,of Tissue
Tit,A small horse.
Titan,Titanic.
Titanate,A salt of titanic acid.
Titaniferous,Containing or affording titanium; as  titaniferous magnetite.
Titanite,See Sphene.
Titanitic,Pertaining to  or containing titanium; as a titanitic mineral.
Titbit,Same as Tidbit.
Tith,Tight; nimble.
Tithable,Subject to the payment of tithes; as  tithable lands.
Tithed,of Tithe
Tithing,of Tithe
Tither,One who collects tithes.
Tithingmen,of Tithingman
Tithly,Tightly; nimbly.
Tithonicity,The state or property of being tithonic; actinism.
Tithymal,Any kind of spurge  esp. Euphorbia Cyparissias.
Titi,Same as Teetee.
Titillated,of Titillate
Titillating,of Titillate
Titillate,To tickle; as  to titillate the nose with a feather.
Titillative,Tending or serving to titillate  or tickle; tickling.
Titled,of Title
Titling,of Title
Titleless,Not having a title or name; without legitimate title.
Title-page,The page of a book which contains it title.
Titler,A large truncated cone of refined sugar.
Titmal,The blue titmouse.
Titmice,of Titmouse
Titrated,of Titrate
Titrating,of Titrate
Tittered,of Titter
Tittering,of Titter
Titterel,The whimbrel.
Titter-totter,See Teeter.
Tittimouse,Titmouse.
Tittle,A particle; a minute part; a jot; an iota.
Tittlebat,The three-spined stickleback.
Tittle-tattle,Idle  trifling talk; empty prattle.
Tittle-tattling,The act or habit of parting idly or gossiping.
Titty,A little teat; a nipple.
Titubate,To stumble.
Titubation,The act of stumbling  rocking or rolling; a reeling.
Titularity,The quality or state of being titular.
Titularly,In a titular manner; nominally; by title only.
Titularies,of Titulary
Tituled,Having a title.
Tivy,With great speed; -- a huntsman's word or sound.
Tiza,See Ulexite.
Toadhead,The golden plover.
Toadish,Like a toad.
Toadlet,A small toad.
Toadies,of Toady
Toady,A mean flatterer; a toadeater; a sycophant.
Toadied,of Toady
Toadying,of Toady
Toasted,of Toast
Toasting,of Toast
Toast,To dry and brown by the heat of a fire; as  to toast bread.
Toaster,One who toasts.
Toat,The handle of a joiner's plane.
Tobacconing,Smoking tobacco.
Tobacconist,A dealer in tobacco; also  a manufacturer of tobacco.
To-beat,To beat thoroughly or severely.
Tobias fish,The lant  or sand eel.
Tobine,A stout twilled silk used for dresses.
Tobit,A book of the Apocrypha.
Tobogganed,of Toboggan
Tobogganing,of Toboggan
Tobogganer,Alt. of Tobogganist
Tobogganist,One who practices tobogganing.
To-break,To break completely; to break in pieces.
To-brest,To burst or break in pieces.
Tocher,Dowry brought by a bride to her husband.
Tockay,A spotted lizard native of India.
Tod,A bush; a thick shrub; a bushy clump.
To-day,On this day; on the present day.
Toddled,of Toddle
Toddling,of Toddle
Toddle,To walk with short  tottering steps as a child.
Toddler,One who toddles; especially  a young child.
To-do,Bustle; stir; commotion; ado.
Toed,of Toe
Toeing,of Toe
To-fall,A lean-to. See Lean-to.
Toffee,Alt. of Toffy
Toffy,Taffy.
Tofore,Alt. of Toforn
Toforn,Before.
Toft,A knoll or hill.
Toftmen,of Toftman
Toftman,The owner of a toft. See Toft  3.
Tofus,Tophus.
Togas,of Toga
Togae,of Toga
Togated,Dressed in a toga or gown; wearing a gown; gowned.
Toged,Togated.
Toggery,Clothes; garments; dress; as  fishing toggery.
Toght,Taut.
Togider,Alt. of Togidres
Togidres,Together.
Togue,The namaycush.
Tohew,To hew in pieces.
Toiled,of Toil
Toiling,of Toil
Toiler,One who toils  or labors painfully.
Toilette,See Toilet  3.
Toilless,Free from toil.
Tokay,A grape of an oval shape and whitish color.
Tokened,of Token
Tokening,of Token
Tokenless,Without a token.
Tokin,A tocsin.
Tol,To take away. See Toll.
Tolbooth,See Tollbooth.
Toled,of Tole
Toling,of Tole
Tolerabolity,The quality or state of being tolerable.
Tolerated,of Tolerate
Tolerating,of Tolerate
Toll,To take away; to vacate; to annul.
Tolled,of Toll
Tolling,of Toll
Tollable,Subject to the payment of toll; as  tollable goods.
Tollage,Payment of toll; also  the amount or quantity paid as toll.
Tollbooth,A place where goods are weighed to ascertain the duties or toll.
Toller,A toll gatherer.
Tolletane,Of or pertaining to Toledo in Spain; made in Toledo.
Tollgate,A gate where toll is taken.
Tollhouses,of Tollhouse
Tollhouse,A house occupied by a receiver of tolls.
Tollmen,of Tollman
Tollman,One who receives or collects toll; a toll gatherer.
Tolmen,See Dolmen.
Tolsey,A tollbooth; also  a merchants' meeting place or exchange.
Toltec,One of a race which formerly occupied Mexico.
Toluate,A salt of any one of the toluic acids.
Toluenyl,Tolyl.
Toluol,Alt. of Toluole
Toluole,Same as Toluene.
Tolutation,A pacing or ambling.
Toluylene,Same as Stilbene.
Tolypeutine,The apar.
Tom,The knave of trumps at gleek.
Tomahawked,of Tomahawk
Tomahawking,of Tomahawk
Tomatoes,of Tomato
Tombed,of Tomb
Tombing,of Tomb
Tombester,A female dancer.
Tombless,Destitute of a tomb.
Tomboy,A romping girl; a hoiden.
Tomcat,A male cat  especially when full grown or of large size.
Tomelet,All small tome  or volume.
Tometous,Tomentose.
Tomenta,of Tomentum
Tomfool,A great fool; a trifler.
Tomfoolery,Folly; trifling.
Tomia,of Tomium
Tomium,The cutting edge of the bill of a bird.
Tomnoddy,A sea bird  the puffin.
Tomorn,To-morrow.
Tompion,A stopper of a cannon or a musket. See Tampion.
Tompon,An inking pad used in lithographic printing.
Tomrig,A rude  wild wanton girl; a hoiden; a tomboy.
Tomtit,A titmouse  esp. the blue titmouse.
Tom-tom,See Tam-tam.
Ton,pl. of Toe.
Tonca bean,See Tonka bean.
Toned,of Tone
Toning,of Tone
Toneless,Having no tone; unmusical.
Tong,Alt. of Tonge
Tonge,Tongue.
Tongo,The mangrove; -- so called in the Pacific Islands.
Tongued,of Tongue
Tonguing,of Tongue
Tonguebird,The wryneck.
Tongueless,Having no tongue.
Tonguelet,A little tongue.
Tongue-pad,A great talker.
Tongue-shell,Any species of Lingula.
Tonguester,One who uses his tongue; a talker; a story-teller; a gossip.
Tongueworm,Any species of Linguatulina.
Tonguy,Ready or voluble in speaking; as  a tonguy speaker.
Tonical,Tonic.
Tonight,On this present or coming night.
Tonite,An explosive compound; a preparation of gun cotton.
Tonnage,The weight of goods carried in a boat or a ship.
Tonne,A tun.
Tonnihood,The female of the bullfinch; -- called also tonyhoop.
Tonnish,In the ton; fashionable; modish.
Tonometer,An instrument for determining the rate of vibrations in tones.
Tonometry,The act of measuring with a tonometer;
Tonous,Abounding in tone or sound.
Tonquin bean,See Tonka bean.
Tonsilar,Of or pertaining to the tonsils; tonsilitic.
Tonsile,Capable of being clipped.
Tonsilitic,Tonsilar.
Tonsilitis,Inflammation of the tonsil; quinsy.
Tonsilotome,An instrument for removing the tonsils.
Tonsilotomy,The operation of removing the tonsil  or a portion thereof.
Tonsor,A barber.
Tonsorial,Of or pertaining to a barber  or shaving.
Tonsured,Having the tonsure; shaven; shorn; clipped; hence  bald.
Tonus,Tonicity  or tone; as muscular tonus.
Tonies,of Tony
Tony,A simpleton.
tooled,of Tool
tooling,of Tool
Tooling,Work performed with a tool.
Tool-post,Alt. of Tool-stock
Tool-stock,The part of a tool-rest in which a cutting tool is clamped.
Tool-rest,the part that supports a tool-post or a tool.
Toom,Empty.
Toon,pl. of Toe.
Toonwood,Same as Toon.
Toot,To stand out  or be prominent.
Tooted,of Toot
Tooting,of Toot
Tooter,One who toots; one who plays upon a pipe or horn.
Toothed,of Tooth
Toothing,of Tooth
Toothache,Pain in a tooth or in the teeth; odontalgia.
Toothback,Any notodontian.
Toothbrush,A brush for cleaning the teeth.
Toothful,Toothsome.
Toothless,Having no teeth.
Toothlet,A little tooth  or like projection.
Toothleted,Having a toothlet or toothlets; as  a toothleted leaf.
Toothpicker,A toothpick.
Toothsome,Grateful to the taste; palatable.
Toothy,Toothed; with teeth.
Toozoo,The ringdove.
Topped,of Top
Topping,of Top
Toparchies,of Toparchy
Top-armor,A top railing supported by stanchions and equipped with netting.
Topau,The rhinocerous bird (a).
Topazolite,A topaz-yellow variety of garnet.
Topcoat,An outer coat; an overcoat.
Top-draining,The act or practice of drining the surface of land.
Top-dressed,of Top-dress
Top-dressing,of Top-dress
Top-dress,To apply a surface dressing of manureto as land.
Toped,of Tope
Toping,of Tope
Topet,The European crested titmouse.
Topful,Full to the top  ore brim; brimfull.
Toph,kind of sandstone.
Tophaceous,Gritty; sandy; rough; stony.
Top-hamper,The upper rigging  spars etc. of a ship.
Top-heavy,Having the top or upper part too heavy for the lower part.
Tophin,Same as Toph.
Tophi,of Tophus
Top-light,A lantern or light on the top of a vessel.
Topmem,of Topman
Topman,See Topsman  2.
Topographic,Alt. of Topographical
Topographical,Of or pertaining to topography; descriptive of a place.
Topographist,A topographer.
Toponomy,The designation of position and direction.
Toppiece,A small wig for the top of the head; a toupee.
Toppingly,In a topping or proud manner.
Toppled,of Topple
Toppling,of Topple
Topple,To fall forward; to pitch or tumble down.
Top-proud,Proud to the highest degree.
Topsmen,of Topsman
Topsman,The chief drover of those who drive a herd of cattle.
Topsoil,The upper layer of soil; surface soil.
Topstone,A stone that is placed on the top  or which forms the top.
Top-tackle,A tackle used in hoisting and lowering the topmast.
Toquet,See Toque  1.
Tor,A tower; a turret.
Torace,Alt. of Torase
Torase,To scratch to pieces.
Torc,Same as Torque  1.
Torchbearer,One whose office it is to carry a torch.
Torcher,One who gives light with a torch  or as if with a torch.
Toreador,A bullfighter.
To-rent,of To-rend
To-rend,To rend in pieces.
Toret,A Turret.
Toreumatography,A description of sculpture such as bas-relief in metal.
Torgoch,The saibling.
Torinese,Of or pertaining to Turin.
Torment,An engine for casting stones.
tormented,of Torment
tormenting,of Torment
Tormenter,One who  or that which torments; a tormentor.
Tormenting,Causing torment; as  a tormenting dream.
Tormentise,Torture; torment.
Tormentress,A woman who torments.
Tormentry,Anything producing torment  annoyance or pain.
Tormina,acute  colicky pains; gripes.
Torminous,Affected with tormina; griping.
Tornadoes,of Tornado
Tornariae,of Tornaria
Torosity,The quality or state of being torose.
Torous,Torose.
Torpedoes,of Torpedo
Toppescent,Becoming torpid or numb.
Torpidity,Same as Torpidness.
Torpidly,In a torpid manner.
Torpidness,The qualityy or state of being torpid.
Torpified,of Torpify
Torpifying,of Torpify
Torpify,To make torpid; to numb  or benumb.
Torpitude,Torpidness.
Torporific,Tending to produce torpor.
torquated,Having or wearing a torque  or neck chain.
Torqued,Wreathed; twisted.
Torrefied,of Torrefy
Torrefying,of Torrefy
Torrefy,To dry by a fire.
Torrential,Alt. of Torrentine
Torrid,Parched; dried with heat; as  a torrid plain or desert.
Torridity,Torridness.
Torridness,The quality or state of being torrid or parched.
Torril,A worthless woman; also  a worthless horse.
Torrock,A gull.
Torsal,A torsel.
Torse,A wreath.
Torsel,A plate of timber for the end of a beam or joist to rest on.
Torsibillty,The tendency  as of a rope to untwist after being twisted.
Torsk,The cusk. See Cusk.
Torsos,of Torso
Torsi,of Torso
Tort,Mischief; injury; calamity.
Torteaus,of Torteau
Torteau,A roundel of a red color.
Torticollis,See Wryneck.
Tortile,Twisted; wreathed; coiled.
Tortility,The quality or state of being tortile  twisted or wreathed.
Tortion,Torment; pain.
Tortious,Injurious; wrongful.
Tortiously,In a tortous manner.
Tortive,Twisted; wreathed.
Tortricid,Of or pertaining to Tortix  or the family Tortricidae.
Tortulous,Swelled out at intervals like a knotted cord.
Tortuose,Wreathed; twisted; winding.
Tortuoslty,the quality or state of being tortuous.
Torturable,Capable of being tortured.
Tortured,of Torture
Torturing.,of Torture
Torturer,One who tortures; a tormentor.
Torturingly,So as to torture.
Torturous,Involving  or pertaining to torture.
Torulae,of Torula
Torulose,Same as Torose.
Torulous,Same as Torose.
Tori,of Torus
Torved,Stern; grim. See Torvous.
Torvity,Sourness or severity of countenance; sterness.
Torvous,Sour of aspect; of a severe countenance; stern; grim.
Tories,of Tory
Toryism,The principles of the Tories.
Toscatter,To scatter in pieces; to divide.
Tose,To tease  or comb as wool.
Tosh,Neat; trim.
Toshred,To cut into shreads or pieces.
Tossed,of Toss
Tost,of Toss
Tossing,of Toss
Tossel,See Tassel.
Tosser,Ohe who tosser.
Tossily,In a tossy manner.
Tosspot,A toper; one habitually given to strong drink; a drunkard.
Tosto,Quick; rapid.
Toswink,To labor excessively.
Tota,The grivet.
Totalize,To make total  or complete;to reduce to completeness.
Totally,In a total manner; wholly; entirely.
Totalness,The quality or state of being total; entireness; totality.
Toted,of Tote
Toting,of Tote
Totear,To tear or rend in pieces.
Totemic,Of or pertaining to a totem  or totemism.
Totemist,One belonging to a clan or tribe having a totem.
Toter,The stone roller. See Stone roller (a)  under Stone.
Totipresence,Omnipresence.
Totipresent,Omnipresence.
Tottered,of Totter
Tottering,of Totter
Totterer,One who totters.
Totteringly,In a tottering manner.
Tottled,of Totly
Tottling,of Totly
Totly,To walk in a wavering  unsteady manner; to toddle; to topple.
Tottlish,Trembling or tottering  as if about to fall; un steady.
Totty,Unsteady; dizzy; tottery.
Toty,Totty.
Toncanet,A small toucan.
Touched,of Touch
Touching,of Touch
Touchable,Capable of being touched; tangible.
Touchily,In a touchy manner.
Touch-me-not,See Impatiens.
Touchwood,Wood so decayed as to serve for tinder; spunk  or punk.
Touchy,Peevish; irritable; irascible; techy; apt to take fire.
Tough-cake,See Tough-pitch (b).
Toughened,of Toughen
Toughening,of Toughen
Toughen,To grow or make tough  or tougher.
Tough-head,The ruddy duck.
Toughish,Tough in a slight degree.
Toughly,In a tough manner.
Toughness,The quality or state of being tough.
Touite,The wood warbler.
Toupee,Alt. of Toupet
Toupet,A little tuft; a curl or artificial lock of hair.
Toupettit,The crested titmouse.
Tour,A tower.
Toured,of Tour
Touring,of Tour
Touraco,Same as Turacou.
Tourist,One who makes a tour  or performs a journey in a circuit.
Tourn,A spinning wheel.
Tournery,Work turned on a lathe; turnery.
Tourney,A tournament.
Tournure,Turn; contour; figure.
Toused,of Touze
Tousing,of Touze
Touse,Alt. of Touze
Touze,To pull; to haul; to tear; to worry.
Tousel,Same as Tousle.
Touser,One who touses.
Tousle,To put into disorder; to tumble; to touse.
Tout,To act as a tout. See 2d Tout.
Towed,of Tow
Towing,of Tow
Towage,The act of towing.
Towall,A towel.
Toward,Alt. of Towards
Towards,In the direction of; to.
Towardliness,The quality or state of being towardly; docility; tractableness.
Towardly,Same as Toward  a. 2.
Towardness,Quality or state of being toward.
Towboat,A vessel constructed for being towed  as a canal boat.
towered,of Tower
towering,of Tower
Towered,Adorned or defended by towers.
Towering,Very high; elevated; rising aloft; as  a towering height.
Towery,Having towers; adorned or defended by towers.
Tow-head,An urchin who has soft  whitish hair.
Towhee,The chewink.
Towilly,The sanderling; -- so called from its cry.
Towline,A line used to tow vessels; a towrope.
Towned,Having towns; containing many towns.
Townhouse,A building devoted to the public used of a town; a townhall.
Townish,Of or pertaining to the inhabitants of a town; like the town.
Townless,Having no town.
Townlet,A small town.
Township,The district or territory of a town.
Townsmen,of Townsman
Townsman,An inhabitant of a town; one of the same town with another.
Townward,Alt. of Townwards
Townwards,Toward a town.
Towrope,A rope used in towing vessels.
Towser,A familiar name for a dog.
Towy,Composed of  or like tow.
Tox/mia,Blood poisoning. See under Blood.
Toxic,Alt. of Toxical
Toxical,Of or pertaining to poison; poisonous; as  toxic medicines.
Toxicant,A poisonous agent or drug  as opium; an intoxicant.
Toxicological,Of or pertaining to toxicology.
Toxicologist,One versed in toxicology; the writer of a treatise on poisons.
Toxicomania,Toxiphobia.
Toxifera,Same as Toxoglossa.
Toxin,Alt. of Toxine
Toxiphobia,An insane or greatly exaggerated dread of poisons.
Toxophilite,A lover of archery; one devoted to archery.
Toxotes,A genus of fishes comprising the archer fishes. See Archer fish.
Toy,A plaything for children; a bawble.
toyed,of Toy
toying,of Toy
Toyear,This year.
Toyer,One who toys; one who is full of trifling tricks; a trifler.
Toyful,Full of trifling play.
Toyhouse,A house for children to play in or to play with; a playhouse.
Toyingly,In a toying manner.
Toyish,Sportive; trifling; wanton.
Toyman,One who deals in toys.
Toyshop,A shop where toys are sold.
Toysome,Disposed to toy; trifling; wanton.
Toze,To pull violently; to touse.
Tozy,Soft  like wool that has been teased.
Trabeae,of Trabea
Trabeated,Furnished with an entablature.
Trabeation,Same as Entablature.
Trabeculae,of Trabecula
Trabeculate,Crossbarred  as the ducts in a banana stem.
Trabu,Same as Trubu.
traced,of Trace
tracing,of Trace
Traceable,Capable of being traced.
Tracer,One who  or that which traces.
Traceries,of Tracer/y
Tracer/y,Ornamental work with rambled lines.
Tracheae,of Trachea
Trachea,The windpipe. See Illust. of Lung.
Tracheal,Of or pertaining to the trachea; like a trachea.
Tracheary,Tracheal; breathing by means of tracheae.
Tracheitis,Inflammation of the trachea  or windpipe.
Trachelipod,One of the Trachelipoda.
Trachenchyma,A vegetable tissue consisting of tracheae.
Tracheobranchlae,of Tracheobranchia
Tracheocele,Goiter.
Tracheoscopy,Examination of the interior of the trachea by means of a mirror.
Tracheotomy,The operation of making an opening into the windpipe.
Trachitis,Tracheitis.
Trachycarpous,Rough-fruited.
Trachyspermous,Rough-seeded.
Trachytic,Of  pertaining to or resembling trachyte.
tracked,of Track
tracking,of Track
Trackage,The act of tracking  or towing as a boat; towage.
Trackmaster,One who has charge of the track; -- called also roadmaster.
Track-road,A towing path.
Trackscout,See Trackschuyt.
Tractate,A treatise; a tract; an essay.
Tractation,Treatment or handling of a subject; discussion.
Tractator,One who writes tracts; specif.  a Tractarian.
Tractile,Capable of being drawn out in length; ductile.
Tractility,The quality of being tractile; ductility.
Tractite,A Tractarian.
Tractitious,Treating of; handling.
Tractive,Serving to draw; pulling; attracting; as  tractive power.
Tractor,That which draws  or is used for drawing.
Tractoration,See Perkinism.
Tractory,A tractrix.
Trad,imp. of Tread.
Trade,A track; a trail; a way; a path; also  passage; travel; resort.
Traded,of Trade
Trading,of Trade
Tradeful,Full of trade; busy in traffic; commercial.
Tradeless,Having no trade or traffic.
Tradescantia,A genus including spiderwort and Wandering Jew.
Tradesfolk,People employed in trade; tradesmen.
Tradesmen,of Tradesman
Tradesman,One who trades; a shopkeeper.
Tradespeople,People engaged in trade; shopkeepers.
trades union,Alt. of Trade union
Trades-unionist,Alt. of Trade-unionist
Trade-unionist,A member of a trades union  or a supporter of trades unions.
Tradeswomen,of Tradeswoman
Tradeswoman,A woman who trades  or is skilled in trade.
Tradition,The act of delivering into the hands of another; delivery.
Traditionalist,An advocate of  or believer in traditionalism; a traditionist.
Traditionally,In a traditional manner.
Traditionarily,By tradition.
Traditionary,Traditional.
Traditionaries,of Traditionary
Traditioner,Alt. of Traditionist
Traditionist,One who adheres to tradition.
Traduced,of Traduce
Traducing,of Traduce
Traducent,Slanderous.
Traducer,One who traduces; a slanderer; a calumniator.
Traducian,A believer in traducianism.
Traducible,Capable of being derived or propagated.
Traducingly,In a traducing manner; by traduction; slanderously.
Traduct,To derive or deduce; also  to transmit; to transfer.
Traduction,Transmission from one to another.
Traductive,Capable of being deduced; derivable.
Trafficked,of Traffic
Trafficking,of Traffic
Trafficable,Capable of being disposed of in traffic; marketable.
Trafficker,One who traffics  or carries on commerce; a trader; a merchant.
Trafficless,Destitute of traffic  or trade.
Tragedian,A writer of tragedy.
Tragedienne,A woman who plays in tragedy.
Tragedious,Like tragedy; tragical.
Tragedies,of Tragedy
Tragic,Alt. of Tragical
Tragi-comic,Alt. of Tragi-comical
T rail,See under T.
Trailed,of Trail
Trailing,of Trail
Trail,To hunt by the track; to track.
Trailer,One who  or that which trails.
Trained,of Train
Training,of Train
Train,To draw along; to trail; to drag.
Trainbands,of Trainband
Trainbearer,One who holds up a train  as of a robe.
Trainel,A dragnet.
Train oil,Oil procured from the blubber or fat of whales  by boiling.
Trainy,Belonging to train oil.
Trais,Alt. of Trays
Trays,Traces.
Trait,A stroke; a touch.
Traiteur,The keeper of an eating house  or restaurant; a restaurateur.
Traitoress,A traitress.
Traitorly,Like a traitor; treacherous; traitorous.
Traitory,Treachery.
Traitress,A woman who betrays her country or any trust; a traitoress.
Trajected,of Traject
Trajecting,of Traject
Trajectories,of Trajectory
Trajet,Alt. of Trajetry
Trajetour,Alt. of Trajetry
Trajetry,See Treget  Tregetour and Tregetry.
Tralatition,A change  as in the use of words; a metaphor.
Tralatitious,Passed along; handed down; transmitted.
Tralatitiously,In a tralatitious manner; metephorically.
Tralineate,To deviate; to stray; to wander.
Tralucency,Translucency; as  the tralucency of a gem.
Tralucent,Translucent.
Trammel,A kind of net for catching birds  fishes or other prey.
Trammeled,of Trammel
Trammelled,of Trammel
Trammeling,of Trammel
Trammelling,of Trammel
Trammeler,One who uses a trammel net.
Tramming,The act or process of forming trams. See 2d Tram.
Tramped,of Tramp
Tramping,of Tramp
Tramp,To tread upon forcibly and repeatedly; to trample.
Tramper,One who tramps; a stroller; a vagrant or vagabond; a tramp.
Trampled,of Trample
Trampling,of Trample
Trampoose,To walk with labor  or heavily; to tramp.
Tramway,Same as Tramroad.
Tranation,The act of swimming over.
Trance,A tedious journey.
Tranced,of Trance
Trancing,of Trance
Tranect,A ferry.
Trangram,Something intricately contrived; a contrived; a puzzle.
Trannel,A treenail.
Tranquilization,Alt. of Tranquillization
Tranquillization,The act of tranquilizing  or the state of being tranquilized.
Tranquilized,of Tranquillize
Tranquilliized,of Tranquillize
Tranquilizing,of Tranquillize
Tranquillizing,of Tranquillize
Tranquilize,Alt. of Tranquillize
Tranquilizer,Alt. of Tranquillizer
Tranquillizer,One who  or that which tranquilizes.
Tranquillity,The quality or state of being tranquil; calmness; composure.
Tranquilly,In a tranquil manner; calmly.
Tranquilness,Quality or state of being tranquil.
Transacted,of Transact
Transacting,of Transact
Transactor,One who transacts  performs or conducts any business.
Transanimated,of Transanimate
Transanimating,of Transanimate
Transanimate,To animate with a soul conveyed from another body.
Transanimation,The conveyance of a soul from one body to another.
Transatlantic,Lying or being beyond the Atlantic Ocean.
Transaudient,Permitting the passage of sound.
Transcalency,The quality or state of being transcalent.
Transcalent,Pervious to  or permitting the passage of heat.
Transcended,of Transcend
Transcending,of Transcend
Transcendence,Alt. of Transcendency
Transcendental,A transcendentalist.
Transcendentalist,One who believes in transcendentalism.
Transcendentality,The quality or state of being transcendental.
Transcendentally,In a transcendental manner.
Transcendently,In a transcendent manner.
Transcendentness,Same as Transcendence.
Transcension,The act of transcending  or surpassing; also passage over.
Transcolated,of Transcolate
Transcolating,of Transcolate
Transcolation,Act of transcolating  or state of being transcolated.
Transcorporate,To transmigrate.
Transcribbler,A transcriber; -- used in contempt.
Transcribed,of Transcribe
Transcribing,of Transcribe
Transcriber,One who transcribes  or writes from a copy; a copier; a copyist.
Transcur,To run or rove to and fro.
Transcurrence,A roving hither and thither.
Transcursion,A rambling or ramble; a passage over bounds; an excursion.
Transdialect,To change or translate from one dialect into another.
Transduction,The act of conveying over.
Transe,See Trance.
Transelement,Alt. of Transelementate
Transelementate,To change or transpose the elements of; to transubstantiate.
Transelementation,Transubstantiation.
Transenne,A transom.
Transexion,Change of sex.
Transfeminate,To change into a woman  as a man.
Transferred,of Transfer
Transferring,of Transfer
Transferability,The quality or state of being transferable.
Transferee,The person to whom a transfer in made.
Transference,The act of transferring; conveyance; passage; transfer.
Transferrence,See Transference.
Transferrer,One who makes a transfer or conveyance.
Transferrible,Capable of being transferred; transferable.
Transfigurate,To transfigure; to transform.
Transfigured,of Transfigure
Transfiguring,of Transfigure
Transfixed,of Transfix
Transfixing,of Transfix
Transfluent,Flowing or running across or through; as  a transfluent stream.
Transflux,A flowing through  across or beyond.
Transforate,To bore through; to perforate.
Transformed,of Transform
Transforming,of Transform
Transformable,Capable of being transformed or changed.
Transformative,Having power  or a tendency to transform.
Transfreight,To transfrete.
Transfretation,The act of passing over a strait or narrow sea.
Transfrete,To pass over a strait or narrow sea.
Transfuge,Alt. of Transfugitive
Transfund,To pour from one vessel into another; to transfuse.
Transfused,of Transfuse
Transfusing,of Transfuse
Transfusible,Capable of being transfused; transferable by transfusion.
Transfusive,Tending to transfuse; having power to transfuse.
Transgressed,of Transgress
Transgressing,of Transgress
Transgress,To pass over or beyond; to surpass.
Transgressional,Of pertaining to transgression; involving a transgression.
Transgressive,Disposed or tending to transgress; faulty; culpable. -
Transhape,To transshape.
Tranship,Same as Transship.
Transhipment,Same as Transshipment.
Transhuman,More than human; superhuman.
Transhumanize,To make more than human; to purity; to elevate above humanity.
Transience,Alt. of Transiency
Transiency,The quality of being transient; transientness.
Transilience,Alt. of Transiliency
Transiliency,A leap across or from one thing to another.
Transire,A customhouse clearance for a coasting vessel; a permit.
Transit,The act of passing; passage through or over.
Transitionary,Transitional.
Transitive,Having the power of making a transit  or passage.
Transitorily,In a transitory manner; with brief continuance.
Translatable,Capable of being translated  or rendered into another language.
Translated,of Translate
Translating,of Translate
Translatitious,Metaphorical; tralatitious; also  foreign; exotic.
Translative,tropical; figurative; as  a translative sense.
Translatorship,The office or dignity of a translator.
Translatory,Serving to translate; transferring.
Translatress,A woman who translates.
Translavation,A laving or lading from one vessel to another.
Translucence,Alt. of Translucency
Translucently,In a translucent manner.
Translucid,Translucent.
Transmarine,Lying or being beyond the sea.
Transmeable,Alt. of Transmeatable
Transmeatable,Capable of being passed over or traversed; passable.
Transmeate,To pass over or beyond.
Transmeation,The act of transmeating; a passing through or beyond.
Transmew,To transmute; to transform; to metamorphose.
Transmigrated,of Transmigrate
Transmigrating,of Transmigrate
Transmigration,The act of passing from one country to another; migration.
Transmigrator,One who transmigrates.
Transmigratory,Passing from one body or state to another.
Transmissibility,The quality of being transmissible.
Transmitted,of Transmit
Transmitting,of Transmit
Transmittal,Transmission.
Transmittance,Transmission.
Transmittible,Capable of being transmitted; transmissible.
Transmogrify,To change into a different shape; to transform.
Transmove,To move or change from one state into another; to transform.
Transmutability,The quality of being transmutable.
Transmutationist,One who believes in the transmutation of metals or of species.
Transmuted,of Transmute
Transmuting,of Transmute
Transmuter,One who transmutes.
Transmutual,Reciprocal; commutual.
Transnatation,The act of swimming across  as a river.
Transnature,To transfer or transform the nature of.
Transparence,The quality or state of being transparent; transparency.
Transparencies,of Transparency
Transparency,The quality or condition of being transparent; transparence.
Transpass,To pass over; as  Alexander transpassed the river.
Transpassable,Capable of being transpassed  or crossed over.
Transpatronize,To transfer the patronage of.
Transpeciate,To change from one species to another; to transform.
Transpicuous,Transparent; pervious to the sight.
Transpierced,of Transpierce
Transpiercing,of Transpierce
Transpierce,To pierce through; to penetrate; to permeate; to pass through.
Transpirable,Capable of being transpired  or of transpiring.
Transpiratory,Of or relating to transpiration.
Transpired,of Transpire
Transpiring,of Transpire
Transplaced,of Transplace
Transplacing,of Transplace
Transplanted,of Transplant
Transplanting,of Transplant
Transplant,To remove  and plant in another place; as to transplant trees.
Transplanter,One who transplants; also  a machine for transplanting trees.
Transplendency,Quality or state of being transplendent.
Transplendent,Resplendent in the highest degree.
Transported,of Transport
Transporting,of Transport
Transportability,The quality or state of being transportable.
Transportable,Capable of being transported.
Transportance,Transportation.
Transportant,Transporting; /avishing; as  transportant love.
Transporter,One who transports.
Transportingly,So as to transport.
Transposable,That may transposed; as  a transposable phrase.
Transposed,of Transpose
Transposing,of Transpose
Transposer,One who transposes.
Transposition,The act of transposing  or the state of being transposed.
Transpositional,Of or pertaining to transposition; involving transposition.
Transpositive,Made by transposing; consisting in transposition; transposable.
Transregionate,Foreign.
Transshaped,of Transshape
Transshaping,of Transshape
Transshape,To change into another shape or form; to transform.
Transship,To transfer from one ship or conveyance to another.
Transubstantiate,To change into another substance.
Transubstantiation,A change into another substance.
Transubstantiator,One who maintains the doctrine of transubstantiation.
Transudation,The act or process of transuding.
Transudatory,Of or pertaining to transudation; passing by transudation.
Transuded,of Transude
Transuding,of Transude
Transume,To change; to convert.
Transsummer,See Transom  2.
Transumpt,A copy or exemplification of a record.
Transumption,Act of taking from one place to another.
Transumptive,Taking from one to another; metaphorical.
Transvasate,To pour out of one vessel into another.
Transvasation,The act or process of pouring out of one vessel into another.
Transvection,The act of conveying or carrying over.
Transverberate,To beat or strike through.
Transversal,Running or lying across; transverse; as  a transversal line.
Transversed,of Transverse
Transversing,of Transverse
Transversely,In a transverse manner.
Transvert,To cause to turn across; to transverse.
Transvertible,Capable of being transverted.
Transvolation,The act of flying beyond or across.
Trant,To traffic in an itinerary manner; to peddle.
Tranter,One who trants; a peddler; a carrier.
Trapped,of Trap
Trapping,of Trap
Trap,To dress with ornaments; to adorn; -- said especially of horses.
Trapan,A snare; a stratagem; a trepan. See 3d Trepan.
Trapanned,of Trapan
Trapanning,of Trapan
Trapanner,One who trapans  or insnares.
Trapball,An old game of ball played with a trap. See 4th Trap  4.
Trapes,A slattern; an idle  sluttish or untidy woman.
Trapezate,Having the form of a trapezium; trapeziform.
Trapeze,A trapezium. See Trapezium  1.
Trapeziform,Having the form of a trapezium; trapezoid.
Trapeziums,of Trapezium
Trapezia,of Trapezium
Trapezohedral,Of  pertaining to or resembling a trapezohedron.
Trapezoidal,Having the form of a trapezoid; trapezoid.
Traphole,See Trou-de-loup.
Trappean,Of or pertaining to trap; being of the nature of trap.
Trappures,Trappings for a horse.
Trappy,Same as Trappous.
Trash,That which is worthless or useless; rubbish; refuse.
Trashed,of Trash
Trashing,of Trash
Trashily,In a trashy manner.
Trashiness,The quality or state of being trashy.
Traulism,A stammering or stuttering.
Traumatic,Of or pertaining to wounds; applied to wounds.
Traunce,See Trance.
Traunt,Same as Trant.
Traunter,Same as Tranter.
Travail,Labor with pain; severe toil or exertion.
Travailed,of Travail
Travailing,of Travail
Travailous,Causing travail; laborious.
Trave,A crossbeam; a lay of joists.
Traveled,of Travel
Travelled,of Travel
Traveling,of Travel
Travelling,of Travel
Travel,To labor; to travail.
Traveler,One who travels; one who has traveled much.
Travel-tainted,Harassed; fatigued with travel.
Travers,Across; athwart.
Traversed,of Traverse
Traversing,of Traverse
Travesties,of Travesty
Travestied,of Travesty
Travesting,of Travesty
Trawl,To take fish  or other marine animals with a trawl.
Trawlboat,A boat used in fishing with trawls or trawlnets.
Trawler,One who  or that which trawls.
Trawlermen,of Trawlerman
Trawlerman,A fisherman who used unlawful arts and engines to catch fish.
Trawlnet,Same as Trawl  n. 2.
Tray,To betray; to deceive.
Trayfuls,of Trayful
Trayful,As much as a tray will hold; enough to fill a tray.
Tray-trip,An old game played with dice.
Treacher,A traitor; a cheat.
Treachetour,Alt. of Treachour
Treachour,A traitor.
Treacle,A remedy against poison. See Theriac  1.
Treacly,Like  or composed of treacle.
Trod,of Tread
Trodden,of Tread
Treading,of Tread
Tread,To set the foot; to step.
Treadboard,See Tread  n. 5.
Treader,One who treads.
Treadfowl,A cock.
Tread-softly,Spurge nettle. See under Nettle.
Treague,A truce.
Treasonous,Treasonable.
Treasured,of Treasure
Treasuring,of Treasure
Treasure-house,A house or building where treasures and stores are kept.
Treasurership,The office of treasurer.
Treasuress,A woman who is a treasurer.
Treasuries,of Treasury
Treated,of Treat
Treating,of Treat
Treatable,Manageable; tractable; hence  moderate; not violent.
Treatably,In a treatable manner.
Treatiser,One who writes a treatise.
Treature,Treatment.
Treaties,of Treaty
Treble,Threefold; triple.
Trebled,of Treble
Trebling,of Treble
Treblet,Same as Triblet.
Trebly,In a treble manner; with a threefold number or quantity; triply.
Trebuchet,Alt. of Trebucket
Trebucket,A cucking stool; a tumbrel.
Trechometer,An odometer for vehicles.
Treddle,See Treadle.
Tredille,A game at cards for three.
Treed,of Tree
Treeing,of Tree
Treefuls,of Treeful
Treeful,The quantity or number which fills a tree.
Treeless,Destitute of trees.
Treen,Made of wood; wooden.
Trefoiled,Same as Trefle.
Treget,Guile; trickery.
Tregetry,Trickery; also  a trick.
Trehalose,Mycose; -- so called because sometimes obtained from trehala.
Treillage,Latticework for supporting vines  etc.; an espalier; a trellis.
Trellised,Having a trellis or trellises.
Trematode,One of the Trematodea. Also used adjectively.
Trembled,of Tremble
Trembling,of Tremble
Trembler,One who trembles.
Tremella,A genus of gelatinous fungi found in moist grounds.
Tremolando,Same as Tremando.
Tremulant,Alt. of Tremulent
Tremulent,Tremulous; trembling; shaking.
Tren,A fish spear.
Trenail,Same as Treenail.
Trenched,of Trench
Trenching,of Trench
Trenchand,Trenchant.
Trenchant,Fitted to trench or cut; gutting; sharp.
Trenchantly,In a trenchant  or sharp manner; sharply; severely.
Trencher,One who trenches; esp.  one who cuts or digs ditches.
Trencher-men,of Trencher-man
Trencher-man,A feeder; a great eater; a gormandizer.
Trench-plow,Alt. of Trench-plough
Trended,of Trend
Trending,of Trend
Trender,One whose business is to free wool from its filth.
Trendle,A wheel  spindle or the like; a trundle.
Trepanned,of Trepan
Trepanning,of Trepan
Trepanize,To trepan.
Trepanner,One who trepans.
Trepeget,A trebuchet.
Trephined,of Trephine
Trephining,of Trephine
Trepid,Trembling; quaking.
Trepidity,Trepidation.
Tresayle,A grandfather's grandfather.
Tresor,Treasure.
Trespassed,of Trespass
Trespassing,of Trespass
Trespass,To pass beyond a limit or boundary; hence  to depart; to go.
Trespasser,One who commits a trespass
Tress,A braid  knot or curl of hair; a ringlet.
Tressed,Having tresses.
Tressel,A trestle.
Tressful,Tressy.
Tressy,Abounding in tresses.
Tret,3d pers. sing. pres. of Tread  for treadeth.
Tretable,Tractable; moderate.
Trething,A tax; an impost.
Tretis,Alt. of Tretys
Tretys,A treatise; also  a treaty.
Trevet,A stool or other thing supported by three legs; a trivet.
Trew,Alt. of Trewe
Trewe,True.
Trews,Trowsers; especially  those of the Scotch Highlanders.
Trewth,Truth.
Triableness,Quality or state of being triable.
Triacle,See Treacle.
Triacontahedral,Having thirty sides.
Triadic,Having the characteristics of a triad; as  boron is triadic.
Triakisoctahedron,A trigonal trisoctahedron.
Trial,The act of trying or testing in any manner.
Triality,Three united; state of being three.
Trialogue,A discourse or colloquy by three persons.
Triamide,An amide containing three amido groups.
Triamine,An amine containing three amido groups.
Triander,Any one of the Triandria.
Triandrian,Alt. of Triandrous
Triangle,A figure bounded by three lines  and containing three angles.
Triangled,Having three angles; triangular.
Triangular,Having three angles; having the form of a triangle.
Triangularity,The quality or state of being triangular.
Triangularly,In a triangular manner; in the form of a triangle.
Triangulated,of Triangulate
Triangulating,of Triangulate
Triarchies,of Triarchy
Triarian,Occupying the third post or rank.
Triarticulate,Having three joints.
Triassic,Of the age of  or pertaining to the Trias.
Triatic,A term used in the phrase triatic stay. See under Stay.
Triatomic,Having three atoms; -- said of certain elements or radicals.
Tribal,Of or pertaining to a tribe or tribes; as  a tribal scepter.
Tribble,A frame on which paper is dried.
Triblet,Alt. of Tribolet
Tribolet,A goldsmith's tool used in making rings.
Tribrach,A poetic foot of three short syllables  as meblius.
Tribracteate,Having three bracts.
Tribual,Alt. of Tribular
Tribunary,Of or pertaining to tribunes; as  tribunary powers or authority.
Tribunate,The state or office of a tribune; tribuneship.
Tribuneship,The office or power of a tribune.
Tribunician,Alt. of Tribunitian
Tribunitial,Alt. of Tribunitian
Tribunitious,Tribunician; tribunitial.
Trubutarily,In a tributary manner.
Tributariness,The quality or state of being tributary.
Tributaries,of Tributary
Tributed,of Tribute
Tributing,of Tribute
Tributer,One who works for a certain portion of the ore  or its value.
Tricae,of Trica
Tricarbimide,See under Cyanuric.
Trice,To pull; to haul; to drag; to pull away.
Tricennarious,Of or pertaining to thirty years; tricennial.
Trichinae,of Trichina
Trichiniasis,Trichinosis.
Trichiuroid,Of  like or pertaining to Trichiurus.
Trichiurus,A genus of fishes comprising the hairtails. See Hairtail.
Trichloride,A chloride having three atoms of chlorine in the molecule.
Trichocyst,A lasso cell.
Trichopter,One of the Trichoptera.
Trichopteran,One of the Trichoptera.
Trichopterous,Of  pertaining to or characterizing the Trichoptera.
Trichord,An instrument  as a lyre or harp having three strings.
Trichotomy,Division into three parts.
Trichroic,Exhibiting trichroism; pleochroic; pleochroism.
Trichromatism,The quality  state or phenomenon of being trichromatic.
Tricipital,Having three heads  or three origins; as a tricipital muscle.
Tricked,of Trick
Tricking,of Trick
Tricker,One who tricks; a trickster.
Trickery,The art of dressing up; artifice; stratagem; fraud; imposture.
Trickiness,The quality of being tricky.
Trickled,of Trickle
Trickling,of Trickle
Trickle,To flow in a small  gentle stream; to run in drops.
Trickment,Decoration.
Tricksiness,The quality or state of being tricksy; trickiness.
Trickster,One who tricks; a deceiver; a tricker; a cheat.
Tricksy,Exhibiting artfulness; trickish.
Tricktrack,An old game resembling backgammon.
Tricky,Given to tricks; practicing deception; trickish; knavish.
Triclinate,Triclinic.
Triclinia,of Triclinium
Tricoccous,Having three cocci  or roundish carpels.
Tricolored,Having three colors.
Tricornigerous,Having three horns.
Tricorporal,Alt. of Tricorporate
Tricorporate,Represented with three bodies conjoined to one head  as a lion.
Tricostate,Three-ribbed; having three ribs from the base.
Tricrotic,Of or pertaining to tricrotism; characterized by tricrotism.
Tricrotous,Tricrotic.
Tricuspidate,Three-pointed; ending in three points; as  a tricuspidate leaf.
Tridactyl,Alt. of Tridactyle
Tridactylous,Tridactyl.
Triddler,The jacksnipe.
Tridentate,Alt. of Tridentated
Tridentated,Having three teeth; three-toothed.
Tridented,Having three prongs; trident; tridentate; as  a tridented mace.
Tridentiferous,Bearing a trident.
Tridiapason,A triple octave  or twenty-second.
Tridimensional,Having three dimensions; extended in three different directions.
Triding,A riding. See Trithing.
Triduan,Lasting three lays; also  happening every third day.
Tried,imp. & p. p. of Try.
Triedral,See Trihedral.
Triennially,Once in three years.
Triens,A Roman copper coin  equal to one third of the as. See 3d As 2.
Trierarch,The commander of a trireme.
Trierarchises,of Trierarchy
Trierarchy,The office duty of a trierarch.
Trieterical,Kept or occurring once in three years; triennial.
Trieterics,Festival games celebrated once in three years.
Triethylamine,A tertiary amine analogous to trimethylamine.
Trifacial,See Trigeminal.
Trifallowed,of Trifallow
Trifallowing,of Trifallow
Trifallow,To plow the third time before sowing  as land.
Trifasciated,Having  or surrounded by three fasciae or bands.
Trifistulary,Having three pipes.
Trifled,of Trifle
Trifling,of Trifle
Trifler,One who trifles.
Trifloral,Alt. of Triflorous
Trifluctuation,A concurrence of three waves.
Trifoliate,Alt. of Trifoliated
Trifoliolate,Having three leaflets.
Trifoly,Sweet trefoil.
Triform,Having a triple form or character.
Triformity,The state of being triform  or of having a threefold shape.
Trifurcate,Alt. of Trifurcated
Trifurcated,Having three branches or forks; trichotomous.
Trig,To fill; to stuff; to cram.
Trigastric,Having three bellies; -- said of a muscle.
Trigger,A catch to hold the wheel of a carriage on a declivity.
Trigintal,A trental.
Triglyphic,Alt. of Triglyphical
Triglyphical,Consisting of  or pertaining to triglyphs.
Trigness,The quality or state of being trig; smartness; neatness.
Trigon,A figure having three angles; a triangle.
Trigonometric,Alt. of Trigonometrical
Trigonous,Same as Trigonal.
Trigram,Same as Trigraph.
Trigrammic,Same as Trigrammatic.
Trigyn,Any one of the Trigynia.
Trigynia,A Linnaean order of plants having three pistils or styles.
Trigynian,Alt. of Trigynous
Trihedron,A figure having three sides.
Trihoral,Occurring once in every three hours.
Trijugous,Same as Trijugate.
Trilinguar,See Trilingual.
Triliteralism,Same as Triliterality.
Triliterality,Alt. of Triliteralness
Trilith,Same as Trilithon.
Trilithic,Pertaining to a trilith.
Trilithons,of Trilithon
Trilled,of Trill
Trilling,of Trill
Trillachan,The oyster catcher.
Trillo,A trill or shake. See Trill.
Trilobate,Having three lobes.
Trilobation,The state of being trilobate.
Trilobed,Same as Trilobate.
Trilobita,An extinct order of arthropods comprising the trilobites.
Trilobitic,Of  pertaining to or containing trilobites; as trilobitic rocks.
Triluminar,Alt. of Triluminous
Triluminous,Having three lights
Trimmed,of Trim
Trimming,of Trim
Trimaculated,Marked with three spots  or maculae.
Trimembral,Having  or consisting of three members.
Trimeran,One of the Trimera. Also used adjectively.
Trimerous,Having the parts in threes.
Trimester,A term or period of three months.
Trimestral,Trimestrial.
Trimeter,Consisting of three poetical measures.
Trimetric,Same as Orthorhombic.
Trimetrical,Same as Trimeter.
Trimly,In a trim manner; nicely.
Trimmer,One who trims  arranges fits or ornaments.
Trimmingly,In a trimming manner.
Trimorphic,Alt. of Trimorphous
Trimyarian,A lamellibranch which has three muscular scars on each valve.
Trinal,Threefold.
Trindle,See Trundle.
Trinerve,Alt. of Trinerved
Trinerved,Same as Trinervate.
Tringle,A curtain rod for a bedstead.
Tringoid,Of or pertaining to Tringa  or the Sandpiper family.
Trinitrophenol,Picric acid.
Triniunity,Triunity; trinity.
Trink,A kind of fishing net.
Trinketer,One who trinkets.
Trinketry,Ornaments of dress; trinkets  collectively.
Trinkle,To act secretly  or in an underhand way; to tamper.
Trinoctial,Lasting during three nights; comprising three nights.
Trinominal,Trinomial.
Triobolar,Alt. of Triobolary
Triobolary,Of the value of three oboli; hence  mean; worthless.
Tri/cia,The third order of the Linnaean class Polygamia.
Triole,Same as Triplet.
Triolein,See Olein.
Trior,Same as Trier  2 and 3.
Tripped,of Trip
Tripping,of Trip
Tripalmitate,A palmitate derived from three molecules of palmitic acid.
Tripalmitin,See Palmitin.
Tripang,See Trepang.
Tripartible,Divisible into three parts.
Tripartite,Divided into three parts; triparted; as  a tripartite leaf.
Tripartitely,In a tripartite manner.
Tripaschal,Including three passovers.
Tripe,The large stomach of ruminating animals  when prepared for food.
Tripedal,Having three feet.
Tripe-de-roche,Same as Rock tripe  under Rock.
Tripel,Same as Tripoli.
Tripeman,A man who prepares or sells tripe.
Tripennate,Same as Tripinnate.
Tripersonal,Consisting of three persons.
Tripersonalist,A Trinitarian.
Tripersonality,The state of existing as three persons in one Godhead; trinity.
Tripery,A place where tripe is prepared or sold.
Tripetalous,Having three petals  or flower leaves; three-petaled.
Trip hammer,A tilt hammer.
Triphane,Spodumene.
Triphyline,Triphylite.
Triphyllous,Having three leaves; three-leaved.
Tripinnate,Having bipinnate leaflets arranged on each side of a rhachis.
Triplasian,Three-fold; triple; treble.
Tripled,of Triple
Tripling,of Triple
Triple-crowned,Having three crowns; wearing the triple crown  as the pope.
Triplet,A collection or combination of three of a kind; three united.
Triplicate,Made thrice as much; threefold; tripled.
Triplicate-ternate,Triternate.
Triplicity,The quality or state of being triple  or threefold; trebleness.
Triplicostate,Three-ribbed.
Triply,In a triple manner.
Tripmadam,Same as Prickmadam.
Tripody,Three metrical feet taken together  or included in one measure.
Tripoline,Of or pertaining to Tripoli or its inhabitants; Tripolitan.
Tripolitan,Of or pertaining to Tripoli or its inhabitants; Tripoline.
Triposes,of Tripos
Tripos,A tripod.
Trippant,See Tripping  a. 2.
Tripsis,Trituration.
Triptote,A noun having three cases only.
Triptych,Anything in three parts or leaves.
Tripudiary,Of or pertaining to dancing; performed by dancing.
Tripudiate,To dance.
Tripudiation,The act of dancing.
Triquetral,Triquetrous.
Triquetra,of Triquetrum
Triradiate,Alt. of Triradiated
Triradiated,Having three rays.
Trirectangular,Having three right angles. See Triquadrantal.
Trireme,An ancient galley or vessel with tree banks  or tiers of oars.
Trirhomboidal,Having three rhombic faces or sides.
Trisected,of Trisect
Trisecting,of Trisect
Trisect,To cut or divide into three parts.
Triseralous,Having three sepals  or calyx leaves.
Triserial,Alt. of Triseriate
Triseriate,Arranged in three vertical or spiral rows.
Trismus,The lockjaw.
Trispast,Alt. of Trispaston
Trispermous,Containing three seeds; three-seeded; as  a trispermous capsule.
Triste,of Trist
Trist,To trust.
Tristearate,Tristearin.
Tristearin,See Stearin.
Tristtul,Sad; sorrowful; gloomy.
Tristfully,In a tristful manner; sadly.
Tristichous,Arranged in three vertical rows.
Tristigmatic,Alt. of Tristigmatose
Tristigmatose,Having  or consisting of three stigmas.
Tristitiate,To make sad.
Tristy,See Trist  a.
Trisuls,Something having three forks or prongs  as a trident.
Trisulphide,A sulphide containing three atoms of sulphur.
Trisyllabic,Alt. of Trisyllabical
Trisyllable,A word consisting of three syllables only; as  a-ven-ger.
Tritheist,One who believes in tritheism.
Tritheistic,Alt. of Tritheistical
Tritheistical,Of or pertaining to tritheism.
Tritheite,A tritheist.
Trithionate,A salt of trithionic acid.
Tritical,Trite.
Triticum,A genus of grasses including the various species of wheat.
Tritone,A superfluous or augmented fourth.
Tritorium,Same as Triturium.
Tritova,of Tritovum
Tritozooid,A zooid of the third generation in asexual reproduction.
Triturable,Capable of being triturated.
Triturated,of Triturate
Triturating,of Triturate
Triturate,To rub  grind bruise or thrash.
Triture,A rubbing or grinding; trituration.
Triturium,A vessel for separating liquids of different densities.
Trityl,Propyl.
Tritylene,Propylene.
Triumphed,of Triumph
Triumphing,of Triumph
Triumplant,Rejoicing for victory; triumphing; exultant.
Triumphantly,In a triumphant manner.
Triumpher,One who was honored with a triumph; a victor.
Triumviri,of Triumvir
Triumvirs,of Triumvir
Triumvir,One of tree men united in public office or authority.
Triumviry,A triumvirate.
Triunguli,of Triungulus
Triunity,The quality or state of being triune; trinity.
Trivalence,The quality or state of being trivalent.
Trivalve,Anything having three valves  especially a shell.
Trivalvular,Having three valves; three-valved.
Trivant,A truant.
Trivial,Found anywhere; common.
Trivialism,A trivial matter or method; a triviality.
Trivialities,of Triviality
Triviality,The quality or state of being trivial; trivialness.
Trivially,In a trivial manner.
Trivialness,Quality or state of being trivial.
Troad,See Trode.
Troat,To cry  as a buck in rutting time.
Trochaic,A trochaic verse or measure.
Trochal,Resembling a wheel.
Trochanteric,Of or pertaining to one or both of the trochanters.
Trochar,See Trocar.
Troche,A medicinal tablet or lozenge; strictly  one of circular form.
Trochil,The crocodile bird.
Trochilics,The science of rotary motion  or of wheel work.
Trochili,A division of birds comprising the humming birds.
Trochilos,The crocodile bird  or trochil.
Troching,One of the small branches of a stag's antler.
Trochisci,of Trochiscus
Trochiscus,A kind of tablet or lozenge; a troche.
Trochisk,See Trochiscus.
Trochite,A wheel-like joint of the stem of a fossil crinoid.
Trochlea,A pulley.
Trochi,of Trochus
Troco,An old English game; -- called also lawn billiards.
Trode,imp. of Tread.
Troglodytes,A genus of apes including the chimpanzee.
Troglodytic,Alt. of Troglodytical
Troglodytical,Of or pertaining to a troglodyte  or dweller in caves.
Trogonoid,Like or pertaining to the trogons.
Trogue,A wooden trough  forming a drain.
Troic,Pertaining to Troy; Trojan.
Troili,of Troilus
Troiluses,of Troilus
Trojan,Of or pertaining to ancient Troy or its inhabitants.
Trolled,of Troll
Trolling,of Troll
Troller,One who trolls.
Trolley,Alt. of Trolly
Trollmydames,The game of nineholes.
Trollopee,A kind of loose dress for women.
Trommel,A revolving buddle or sieve for separating  or sizing ores.
Trompe,A trumpet; a trump.
Trompil,An aperture in a tromp.
Tron,See 3d Trone  2.
Tronator,An officer in London whose duty was to weigh wool.
Trone,A throne.
Trones,A steelyard.
Troop,A collection of people; a company; a number; a multitude.
Trooped,of Troop
Trooping,of Troop
Troopbird,Any troupial.
Troopfowl,The American scaup duck.
Troopial,Same as Troupial.
Troopmeal,By troops; in crowds.
Troostite,Willemite.
Trophied,Adorned with trophies.
Trophosperm,The placenta.
Trophies,of Trophy
Tropically,In a tropical manner; figuratively; metaphorically.
Tropologic,Alt. of Tropological
Tropological,Characterized by tropes; varied by tropes; tropical.
Tropologize,To use in a tropological sense  as a word; to make a trope of.
Trossers,Trousers.
Trotted,of Trot
Trotting,of Trot
Troth,Belief; faith; fidelity.
Trothless,Faitless; false; treacherous.
Trothplight,To betroth.
Trothplighted,Having fidelity pledged.
Trottoir,Footpath; pavement; sidewalk.
Troublable,Causing trouble; troublesome.
Troubled,of Trouble
Troubling,of Trouble
Trouble,To put into confused motion; to disturb; to agitate.
Troublesome,Giving trouble or anxiety; vexatious; burdensome; wearisome.
Troublous,Full of trouble; causing trouble.
Trous-de-loup,of Trou-de-loup
Trough-shell,Any bivalve shell of the genus Mactra. See Mactra.
Troul,See Troll.
Trounced,of Trounce
Trouncing,of Trounce
Trouse,Trousers.
Trousering,Cloth or material for making trousers.
Troutbird,The American golden plover.
Troutlet,A little trout; a troutling.
Troutling,A little trout; a troutlet.
Trouvere,Alt. of Trouveur
Trow,A boat with an open well amidships. It is used in spearing fish.
Trowelfuls,of Trowelful
Trowelful,As much as a trowel will hold; enough to fill a trowel.
Trowl,See Troll.
Trowsed,Wearing trousers.
Trowsers,Same as Trousers.
Troy,Troy weight.
Troyounce,See Troy ounce  under Troy weight above and under Ounce.
Truage,A pledge of truth or peace made on payment of a tax.
Truand,See Truant.
Truantly,Like a truant; in idleness.
Trub,A truffle.
Trubtall,A short  squat woman.
Trucebreaker,One who violates a truce  covenant or engagement.
Truceless,Without a truce; unforbearing.
Truchman,An interpreter. See Dragoman.
Trucidation,The act of killing.
Trucked,of Truck
trucking,of Truck
Truckage,The practice of bartering goods; exchange; barter; truck.
Trucker,One who trucks; a trafficker.
Trucking,The business of conveying goods on trucks.
Truckle,A small wheel or caster.
Truckled,of Truckle
Truckling,of Truckle
Truckler,One who truckles  or yields servilely to the will of another.
Truckmen,of Truckman
Truckman,One who does business in the way of barter or exchange.
Truculence,Alt. of Truculency
Truculently,In a truculent manner.
Trudged,of Trudge
Trudging,of Trudge
Trudge,To walk or march with labor; to jog along; to move wearily.
Trudgeman,A truchman.
True-bred,Of a genuine or right breed; as  a true-bred beast.
Truelove,One really beloved.
True-penny,An honest fellow.
Trug,A trough  or tray.
Trugging-house,A brothel.
Truismatic,Of or pertaining to truisms; consisting of truisms.
Trull,A drab; a strumpet; a harlot; a trollop.
Trullization,The act of laying on coats of plaster with a trowel.
Trumped,of Trump
Trumping,of Trump
Trumpery,Deceit; fraud.
Trumpeted,of Trumpet
Trumpeting,of Trumpet
Trumpeter,One who sounds a trumpet.
Trumpets,A plant (Sarracenia flava) with long  hollow leaves.
Trumpet-tongued,Having a powerful  far-reaching voice or speech.
Trumpie,The Richardson's skua (Stercorarius parasiticus).
Trumplike,Resembling a trumpet  esp. in sound; as a trumplike voice.
Truncal,Of or pertaining to the trunk  or body.
Truncated,of Truncate
Truncating,of Truncate
Truncate,To cut off; to lop; to maim.
Truncation,The act of truncating  lopping or cutting off.
Trunch,A stake; a small post.
Truncheon,A short staff  a club; a cudgel; a shaft of a spear.
Truncheoned,Having a truncheon.
Truncheoneer,A person armed with a truncheon.
Truncus,The thorax of an insect. See Trunk  n. 5.
Trundle,A round body; a little wheel.
Trundled,of Trundle
Trundling,of Trundle
Trundlehead,One of the disks forming the ends of a lantern wheel or pinion.
Trundletail,A round or curled-up tail; also  a dog with such a tail.
Trunkback,The leatherback.
Trunked,Having (such) a trunk.
Trunkfuls,of Trunkful
Trunkful,As much as a trunk will hold; enough to fill a trunk.
Trunkwork,Work or devices suitable to be concealed; a secret stratagem.
Trunnel,A trundle.
Trusion,The act of pushing or thrusting.
Truss,A bundle; a package; as  a truss of grass.
Trussed,of Truss
Trussing,of Truss
Trusted,of Trust
Trusting,of Trust
Trusteeship,The office or duty of a trustee.
Truster,One who trusts  or credits.
Trustful,Full of trust; trusting.
Trustily,In a trusty manner.
Trustiness,The quality or state of being trusty.
Trustless,That may not be trusted; not worthy of trust; unfaithful.
Trustworthy,Worthy of trust or confidence; trusty.
Truths,of Truth
Truthful,Full of truth; veracious; reliable.
Truthless,Devoid of truth; dishonest; dishonest; spurious; faithless.
Truth-lover,One who loves the truth.
Truthness,Truth.
Truth-teller,One who tells the truth.
Truthy,Truthful; likely; probable.
Trutination,The act of weighing.
tried,of Try
Trying,of Try
Tryst,Trust.
Trysting,An appointment; a tryst.
Tsar,The title of the emperor of Russia. See Czar.
Tsarina,Alt. of Tsaritsa
Tsaritsa,The title of the empress of Russia. See Czarina.
Tschakmeck,The chameck.
Tsebe,The springbok.
T square,See under T.
Tuatera,See Hatteria.
Tubbed,of Tub
Tubbing,of Tub
Tuba,An ancient trumpet.
Tubed,of Tube
Tubing,of Tube
Tubeform,In the form of a tube; tubular; tubiform.
Tuberculate,Alt. of Tuberculated
Tuberculated,Tubercled; tubercular.
Tuberculose,Alt. of Tuberculous
Tubercula,of Tuberculum
Tuberculum,A tubercle.
Tuberiferous,Producing or bearing tubers.
Tuberosities,of Tuberosity
Tuberosity,The state of being tuberous.
Tuberous,Covered with knobby or wartlike prominences; knobbed.
Tubeworm,Any annelid which constructs a tube; one of the Tubicolae.
Tubfuls,of Tubful
Tubful,As much as a tub will hold; enough to fill a tub.
Tubicinate,To blow a trumpet.
Tubicolar,Tubicolous.
Tubicole,One of the Tubicolae.
Tubicolous,Inhabiting a tube; as  tubicolous worms.
Tubicornous,Having hollow horns.
Tubiform,Having the form of a tube; tubeform.
Tubipore,Any species of the genus Tubipora.
Tubivalve,A shell or tube formed by an annelid  as a serpula.
Tubmen,of Tubman
Tubulariae,See Tubularida.
Tubularian,Any hydroid belonging to the suborder Tubularida.
Tubulate,Tubular; tubulated; tubulous.
Tubulature,A tubulure.
Tubule,A small pipe or fistular body; a little tube.
Tubulibranchian,One of the Tubulibranchiata.
Tubulicole,Any hydroid which has tubular chitinous stems.
Tubulidentate,Having teeth traversed by canals; -- said of certain edentates.
Tubuliform,Having the form of a small tube.
Tubulose,Alt. of Tubulous
Tucet,See Tucket  a steak.
Tuch,A dark-colored kind of marble; touchstone.
Tuck,A long  narrow sword; a rapier.
Tucked,of Tuck
Tucking,of Tuck
Tucket,A slight flourish on a trumpet; a fanfare.
Tuck-net,See Tuck  n. 2.
Tue,The parson bird.
Tuefall,See To-fall.
Tue-iron,See Tuyere.
Tue-irons,A pair of blacksmith's tongs.
Tuet,The lapwing.
Tufaceous,Pertaining to tufa; consisting of  or resembling tufa.
Tuff,Same as Tufa.
Tuffoon,See Typhoon.
Tufted,of Tuft
Tufting,of Tuft
Tuf-taffeta,A silk fabric formerly in use  having a nap or pile.
Tufty,Abounding with tufts.
Tugged,of Tug
Tugging,of Tug
Tugan,Same as Tucan.
Tugboat,See Tug  n. 3.
Tugger,One who tugs.
Tuggingly,In a tugging manner; with laborious pulling.
Tuitionary,Of or pertaining to tuition.
Tula metal,An alloy of silver  copper and lead made at Tula in Russia.
Tulipist,A person who is especially devoted to the cultivation of tulips.
Tulipomaniac,One who is affected with tulipomania.
Tull,To allure; to tole.
Tullian,Belonging to  or in the style of Tully (Marcus Tullius Cicero).
Tumbled,of Tumble
Tumbling,of Tumble
Tumblebug,See Tumbledung.
Tumble-down,Ready to fall; dilapidated; ruinous; as  a tumble-down house.
Tumblerfuls,of Tumblerful
Tumblerful,As much as a tumbler will hold; enough to fill a tumbler.
Tumbrel,Alt. of Tumbril
Tumbril,A cucking stool for the punishment of scolds.
Tumefied,of Tumefy
Tumefying,of Tumefy
Tumefy,To swell; to cause to swell  or puff up.
Tumid,Swelled  enlarged or distended; as a tumid leg; tumid flesh.
Tumidity,The quality or state of being tumid.
Tummals,A great quantity or heap.
Tumored,Distended; swelled.
Tumorous,Swelling; protuberant.
Tump,A little hillock; a knoll.
Tumped,of Tump
Tumping,of Tump
Tumular,Consisting in a heap; formed or being in a heap or hillock.
Tumulate,To cover  as a corpse with a mound or tomb; to bury.
Tumulose,Tumulous.
Tumulosity,The quality or state of being tumulous; hilliness.
Tumulous,Full of small hills or mounds; hilly; tumulose.
Tumulter,A maker of tumults.
Tumultuarily,In a tumultuary manner.
Tumultuariness,The quality or state of being tumultuary.
Tumultuate,To make a tumult.
Tumultuous,Full of tumult; characterized by tumult; disorderly; turbulent.
Tumuli,of Tumulus
Tunned,of Tun
Tunning,of Tun
Tuna,The Opuntia Tuna. See Prickly pear  under Prickly.
Tun-dish,A tunnel.
Tundra,A rolling  marshy mossy plain of Northern Siberia.
Tune,A sound; a note; a tone.
Tuned,of Tune
Tuning,of Tune
Tuneful,Harmonious; melodious; musical; as  tuneful notes.
Tuneless,Without tune; inharmonious; unmusical.
Tun-great,Having the circumference of a tun.
Tungstate,A salt of tungstic acid; a wolframate.
Tungusic,Of or pertaining to the Tunguses; as  the Tungusic dialects.
Tunhoof,Ground ivy; alehoof.
Tunicaries,of Tunicary
Tunicary,One of the Tunicata.
Tunicate,Alt. of Tunicated
Tunicle,A slight natural covering; an integument.
Tunk,A sharp blow; a thump.
Tunker,Same as Dunker.
Tunnage,See Tonnage.
Tunneled,of Tunnel
Tunnelled,of Tunnel
Tunneling,of Tunnel
Tunnelling,of Tunnel
Tunnies,of Tunny
Tup,To butt  as a ram does.
Tupal,Any one of the tupaiids.
Tupmen,of Tupman
Tupman,A man who breeds  or deals in tups.
Tur,The urus.
Turatt,The hare kangaroo.
Turband,A turban.
Turbaned,Wearing a turban.
Turbant,A turban.
Turbaries,of Turbary
Turbellarian,One of the Turbellaria. Also used adjectively.
Turbeth,See Turpeth.
Turbidity,Turbidness.
Turbidly,In a turbid manner; with muddiness or confusion.
Turbidness,The quality or state of being turbid; muddiness; foulness.
Turbillion,A whirl; a vortex.
Turbinate,To revolve or spin like a top; to whirl.
Turbinated,Whirling in the manner of a top.
Turbination,The act of spinning or whirling  as a top.
Turbinite,A petrified shell resembling the genus Turbo.
Turbinoid,Like or pertaining to Turbo or the family Turbinidae.
Turbit,The turbot.
Turbite,A fossil turbo.
Turbith,See Turpeth.
Turbulency,Turbulence.
Turbulently,In a turbulent manner.
Turcomans,of Turcoman
Turdus,A genus of singing birds including the true thrushes.
Tureenfuls,of Tureenful
Tureenful,As much as a tureen can hold; enough to fill a tureen.
Turfs,of Turf
Turves,of Turf
Turfed,of Turf
Turfing,of Turf
Turfen,Made of turf; covered with turf.
Turfiness,Quality or state of being turfy.
Turfless,Destitute of turf.
Turfmen,of Turfman
Turfman,A turfite; a votary of the turf  or race course.
Turfy,Abounding with turf; made of  or covered with turf.
Turgesced,of Turgesce
Turgescing,of Turgesce
Turgesce,To become turgid; to swell or be inflated.
Turgescence,Alt. of Turgescency
Turgescent,Becoming turgid or inflated; swelling; growing big.
Turgidity,The quality or state of being turgid.
Turgidous,Turgid.
Turiones,of Turio
Turio,A shoot or sprout from the ground.
Turiole,The golden oriole.
Turion,Same as Turio.
Turioniferous,Producing shoots  as asparagus.
Turkeis,Turkish.
Turkey,An empire in the southeast of Europe and southwest of Asia.
Turkeys,of Turkey
Turkic,Turkish.
Turkis,Turquois.
Turkish,Of or pertaining to Turkey or the Turks.
Turkism,Same as Turcism.
Turkle,A turtle.
Turkos,of Turko
Turkois,Turquoise.
Turkomans,of Turkoman
Turkoman,Same as Turcoman.
Turm,A troop; a company.
Turmaline,See Tourmaline.
Turmeric,An East Indian plant of the genus Curcuma  of the Ginger family.
Turmoiled,of Turmoil
Turmoiling,of Turmoil
Turned,of Turn
Turning,of Turn
Turnbroach,A turnspit.
Turnep,See Turnip.
Turnerite,A variety of monazite.
Turney,Tourney.
Turnhalle,A building used as a school of gymnastics.
Turningness,The quality of turning; instability; tergiversation.
Turnkeys,of Turnkey
Turn-outs,of Turn-out
Turnpiked,of Turnpike
Turnpiking,of Turnpike
Turnplate,A turntable.
Turn-sick,Giddy.
Turnverein,A company or association of gymnasts and athletes.
Turpin,A land tortoise.
Turquoise,Alt. of Turquois
Turrel,A certain tool used by coopers.
Turribant,A turban.
Turrical,Of or pertaining to a turret  or tower; resembling a tower.
Turriculate,Alt. of Turriculated
Turritelloid,Of  pertaining to or resembling the turritellas.
Turtle,The turtledove.
Turtle-footed,Slow-footed.
Turtler,One who catches turtles or tortoises.
Turtle-shell,The turtle cowrie.
Turtling,The act  practice or art of catching turtles.
Tuscor,A tush of a horse.
Tusk,Same as Torsk.
Tusked,Furnished with tusks.
Tusker,An elephant having large tusks.
Tusk-shell,See 2d Tusk  n. 2.
Tusky,Having tusks.
Tussac grass,Tussock grass.
Tussicular,Of or pertaining to a cough.
Tussle,To struggle  as in sport; to scuffle; to struggle with.
Tussuck,See Tussock.
Tut,Be still; hush; -- an exclamation used for checking or rebuking.
Tutelar,Alt. of Tutelary
Tutele,Tutelage.
Tutenag,Crude zinc.
Tut-mouthed,Having a projecting under jaw; prognathous.
Tut-nose,A snub nose.
Tutored,of Tutor
Tutoring,of Tutor
Tutorage,The office or occupation of a tutor; tutorship; guardianship.
Tutoress,A woman who performs the duties of a tutor; an instructress.
Tutorism,Tutorship.
Tutorize,To teach; to instruct.
Tutorship,The office  duty or care of a tutor; guardianship; tutelage.
Tutory,Tutorage.
Tutress,Tutoress.
Tutrix,A female guardian; a tutoress.
Tut-workmen,of Tut-workman
Tut-workman,One who does tut-work.
Tu-whit,Alt. of Tu-whoo
Tu-whoo,Words imitative of the notes of the owl.
Tuz,A lock or tuft of hair.
Tuza,The tucan.
Twaddling,a. & n. from Twaddle  v.
Twaddy,Idle trifling; twaddle.
Twagger,A lamb.
Twaite,A European shad; -- called also twaite shad. See Shad.
Twang,A tang. See Tang a state.
Twanged,of Twang
Twanging,of Twang
Twangle,To twang.
Twank,To cause to make a sharp twanging sound; to twang  or twangle.
Twankay,See Note under Tea  n. 1.
'T was,A contraction of it was.
Twattler,One who twattles; a twaddler.
Tway,Two; twain.
Tweag,To tweak.
Tweague,A pinching condition; perplexity; trouble; distress.
Tweel,See Twill.
Tweer,Same as Tuyere.
Tweese,Alt. of Tweeze
Tweeze,A surgeon's case of instruments.
Tweezers,Small pinchers used to pluck out hairs  and for other purposes.
Twelfth-day,See Twelfthtide.
Twelve,One more that eleven; two and ten; twice six; a dozen.
Twelvemo,See Duodecimo.
Twelvemonth,A year which consists of twelve calendar months.
Twelvepence,A shilling sterling  being about twenty-four cents.
Twelvepenny,Sold for a shilling; worth or costing a shilling.
Twelvescore,Twelve times twenty; two hundred and forty.
Twenty,One more that nineteen; twice; as  twenty men.
Twenties,of Twenty
Twentyfold,Twenty times as many.
Twey,Two.
Tweyfold,Twofold.
Twibilled,Armed or provided with a twibil or twibils.
Twice,Two times; once and again.
Twifallowed,of Twifallow
Twifallowing,of Twifallow
Twifold,Twofold; double.
Twigged,of Twig
Twigging,of Twig
Twig,To twitch; to pull; to tweak.
Twiggen,Made of twigs; wicker.
Twigger,A fornicator.
Twight,To twit.
Twighte,imp. of Twitch.
Twigless,Having no twigs.
Twigsome,Full of  or abounding in twigs; twiggy.
Twilled,of Twill
Twilling,of Twill
Twilt,A quilt.
Twin,Being one of two born at a birth; as  a twin brother or sister.
Twinned,of Twin
Twinning,of Twin
Twinborn,Born at the same birth.
Twine,A twist; a convolution.
Twined,of Twine
Twining,of Twine
Twiner,Any plant which twines about a support.
Twinged,of Twinge
Twinging,of Twinge
Twinge,To pull with a twitch; to pinch; to tweak.
Twink,To twinkle.
Twinkled,of Twinkle
Twinkling,of Twinkle
Twinkle,To open and shut the eye rapidly; to blink; to wink.
Twinkler,One who  or that which twinkles or winks; a winker; an eye.
Twinleaf,See Jeffersonia.
Twinlike,Closely resembling; being a counterpart.
Twinling,A young or little twin  especially a twin lamb.
Twinner,One who gives birth to twins; a breeder of twins.
Twinter,A domestic animal two winters old.
Twire,A twisted filament; a thread.
Twire-pipe,A vagabond musician.
Twirled,of Twirl
Twirling,of Twirl
Twisted,of Twist
Twisting,of Twist
Twiste,imp. of Twist.
Twistical,Crooked; tortuous; hence  perverse; unfair; dishonest.
Twitted,of Twit
Twitting,of Twit
Twitched,of Twitch
Twitching,of Twitch
Twitcher,One who  or that which twitches.
Twitch grass,See Quitch grass.
Twite,The European tree sparrow.
Twitlark,The meadow pipit.
Twitter,One who twits  or reproaches; an upbraider.
Twittered,of Twitter
Twittering,of Twitter
Twittingly,In a twitting manner; with upbraiding.
Twittle-twattle,Tattle; gabble.
'Twixt-brain,The thalamen/cephalon.
Two,One and one; twice one.
Two-capsuled,Having two distinct capsules; bicapsular.
Two-decker,A vessel of war carrying guns on two decks.
Two-edged,Having two edges  or edges on both sides; as a two-edged sword.
Two-hand,Employing two hands; as  the two-hand alphabet. See Dactylology.
Two-lipped,Having two lips.
Twopenny,Of the value of twopence.
Two-ply,Consisting of two thicknesses  as cloth; double.
Two-sided,Having two sides only; hence  double-faced; hypocritical.
Two-tongued,Double-tongued; deceitful.
Twyblade,See Twayblade.
Ty-all,Something serving to tie or secure.
Tychonic,Of or pertaining to Tycho Brahe  or his system of astronomy.
Tydy,Same as Tidy.
Tye,A knot; a tie.
Tyer,One who ties  or unites.
Tyfoon,See Typhoon.
Tyger,A tiger.
Tyke,See 2d Tike.
Tylari,of Tylarus
Tylarus,One of the pads on the under surface of the toes of birds.
Tyler,See 2d Tiler.
Tylopoda,A tribe of ungulates comprising the camels.
Tyloses,of Tylosis
Tymbal,A kind of kettledrum.
Tympan,A drum.
Tympanal,Tympanic.
Tympanist,One who beats a drum.
Tympanites,A flatulent distention of the belly; tympany.
Tympanitic,Of  pertaining to or affected with tympanites.
Tympanitis,Inflammation of the lining membrane of the middle ear.
Tympanize,To drum.
Tympanized,of Tympanize
Tympanizing,of Tympanize
Tympani,of Tympano
Tympanohyal,Of or pertaining to the tympanum and the hyoidean arch.
Tympanums,of Tympanum
Tympana,of Tympanum
Tympany,A flatulent distention of the belly; tympanites.
Tynd,To shut; to close.
Tyne,To lose.
Tyny,Small; tiny.
Typed,of Type
Typing,of Type
Typesetting,The act or art of setting type.
Typewrite,To write with a typewriter.
Typhlitis,Inflammation of the caecum.
Typhomania,A low delirium common in typhus fever.
Typhos,Typhus.
Typhous,Of or pertaining to typhus; of the nature of typhus.
Typic,Typical.
Typification,The act of typifying  or representing by a figure.
Typifier,One who  or that which typifies.
Typified,of Typify
Typifying,of Typify
Typify,To represent by an image  form model or resemblance.
Typo,A compositor.
Typocosmy,A representation of the world.
Typographer,A printer.
Typographic,Alt. of Typographical
Typology,A discourse or treatise on types.
Tyran,A tyrant.
Tyranness,A female tyrant.
Tyrannic,Alt. of Tyrannical
Tyrannicidal,Of or pertaining to tyrannicide  or the murder of a tyrant.
Tyrannicide,The act of killing a tyrant.
Tyrannish,Like a tyrant; tyrannical.
Tyrannized,of Tyrannize
Tyrannizing,of Tyrannize
Tyrannous,Tyrannical; arbitrary; unjustly severe; despotic.
Tyre,Curdled milk.
Tyrian,Of or pertaining to Tyre or its people.
Tyros,of Tyro
Tyrociny,The state of being a tyro  or beginner; apprenticeship.
Tyronism,The state of being a tyro  or beginner.
Tyrotoxine,Same as Tyrotoxicon.
Tystie,The black guillemot.
Tythe,See Tithe.
Tything,See Tithing.
Tzar,The emperor of Russia. See Czar.
Tzarina,Alt. of Tzaritza
Tzaritza,The empress of Russia. See Czarina.
Tzetze,Same as Tsetse.
Uakari,Same as Ouakari.
Uberous,Fruitful; copious; abundant; plentiful.
Uberty,Fruitfulness; copiousness; abundance; plenty.
Ubication,Alt. of Ubiety
Ubiquarian,Ubiquitous.
Ubiquitist,Alt. of Ubiquitarian
Ubiquitariness,Quality or state of being ubiquitary  or ubiquitous.
Ubiquitary,Ubiquitous.
Ubiquitaries,of Ubiquitary
Udaler,Alt. of Udalman
Uddered,Having an udder or udders.
Udderless,Destitute or deprived of an udder.
Udometer,A rain gauge.
Uglesome,Ugly.
Uglify,To disfigure; to make ugly.
Uglily,In an ugly manner; with deformity.
Ugliness,The quality or state of being ugly.
Ugrian,A Mongolian race  ancestors of the Finns.
Ugsome,Ugly; offensive; loathsome.
Uhlan,One of a certain description of militia among the Tartars.
Ulan,See Uhlan.
Ulcerable,Capable of ulcerating.
Ulcerated,of Ulcerate
Ulcerating,of Ulcerate
Ulcerate,To be formed into an ulcer; to become ulcerous.
Ulcerative,Of or pertaining to ulcers; as  an ulcerative process.
Ulcered,Ulcerous; ulcerated.
Ulcuscle,Alt. of Ulcuscule
Ulcuscule,A little ulcer.
Uliginose,Alt. of Uliginous
Uliginous,Muddy; oozy; slimy; also  growing in muddy places.
Ulluco,See Melluc/o.
Ulmate,A salt of ulmic acid.
Ulmic,Pertaining to ulmin; designating an acid obtained from ulmin.
Ulmus,A genus of trees including the elm.
Ulnage,Measurement by the ell; alnage.
Ulnar,Of or pertaining to the ulna  or the elbow; as the ulnar nerve.
Ulnaria,of Ulnare
Ulodendron,A genus of fossil trees.
Ulonata,A division of insects nearly equivalent to the true Orthoptera.
Ulotrichan,Of or pertaining to the Ulotrichi.
Ulotrichous,Having woolly or crispy hair; -- opposed to leiotrichous.
Ulteriorly,More distantly or remotely.
Ultima,Most remote; furthest; final; last.
Ultimate,Farthest; most remote in space or time; extreme; last; final.
Ultimated,of Ultimate
Ultimating,of Ultimate
Ultimatums,of Ultimatum
Ultimata,of Ultimatum
Ultime,Ultimate; final.
Ultimity,The last stage or consequence; finality.
Ultion,The act of taking vengeance; revenge.
Ultrage,Outrage.
Ultramarine,Situated or being beyond the sea.
Ultramontanist,One who upholds ultramontanism.
Ultramundane,Being beyond the world  or beyond the limits of our system.
Ultroneous,Spontaneous; voluntary.
Ululant,Howling; wailing.
Ululated,of Ululate
Ululating,of Ululate
Ululate,To howl  as a dog or a wolf; to wail; as ululating jackals.
Ululation,A howling  as of a dog or wolf; a wailing.
Umbe,About.
Umbecast,To cast about; to consider; to ponder.
Umbellar,Of or pertaining to an umbel; having the form of an umbel.
Umbellate,Alt. of Umbellated
Umbellet,A small or partial umbel; an umbellule.
Umbellifer,A plant producing an umbel or umbels.
Umbelliferous,Producing umbels.
Umbellule,An umbellet.
Umbery,Of or pertaining to umber; like umber; as  umbery gold.
Umbilic,The navel; the center.
Umbilical,Of or pertaining to an umbilicus  or umbilical cord; umbilic.
Umbilicate,Alt. of Umbilicated
Umble pie,A pie made of umbles. See To eat humble pie  under Humble.
Umbones,of Umbo
Umbos,of Umbo
Umbonate,Alt. of Umbonated
Umbrae,of Umbra
Umbraculiferous,Bearing something like an open umbrella.
Umbrate,To shade; to shadow; to foreshadow.
Umbratic,Alt. of Umbratical
Umbratile,Umbratic.
Umbratious,Suspicious; captious; disposed to take umbrage.
Umbre,See Umber.
Umbrel,An umbrella.
Umbrere,Alt. of Umbriere
Umbrette,See Umber  4.
Umbriferous,Casting or making a shade; umbrageous.
Umbril,A umbrere.
Umbrine,See Umbra  2.
Umbrose,Shady; umbrageous.
Umbrosity,The quality or state of being umbrose; shadiness.
Umlauted,Having the umlaut; as  umlauted vowels.
Umpired,of Umpire
Umpiring,of Umpire
Umpireship,Umpirage; arbitrament.
Umpress,Female umpire.
Umquhile,Some time ago; formerly.
Unability,Inability.
Unabled,Disabled.
Unableness,Inability.
Unabridged,Not abridged  or shortened; full; complete; entire; whole.
Unacceptability,The quality of being unacceptable; unacceptableness.
Unaccessible,Inaccessible.
Unaccomplishment,The state of being unaccomplished.
Unaccountability,The quality or state of being unaccountable.
Unaccountable,Not accountable or responsible; free from control.
Unaccurate,Inaccurate.
Unaccurateness,Inaccuracy.
Unaccustomed,Not used; not habituated; unfamiliar; unused; -- which to.
Unacquainted,Not acquainted.
Unacquaintedness,Unacquaintance.
Unactive,Inactive; listless.
Unactiveness,Inactivity.
Unadmissible,Alt. of Unadmittable
Unadmittable,Inadmissible.
Unadulterate,Alt. of Unadulterated
Unadulterated,Not adulterated; pure.
Unadvisable,Not advisable; inadvisable; inexpedient.
Unadvised,Not prudent; not discreet; ill advised.
Unafiled,Undefiled.
Unagreeable,Disagreeable.
Unaidable,Incapable of being aided.
Unalienable,Inalienable; as  unalienable rights.
Unalmsed,Not having received alms.
Unambiguity,Absence of ambiguity; clearness; perspicuity.
Unambition,The absence of ambition.
Unamiability,The quality or state of being unamiable; moroseness.
Unamiable,Not amiable; morose; ill-natured; repulsive.
Unanchor,To loose from the anchor  as a ship.
Unaneled,Not aneled; not having received extreme unction.
Unanimate,Unanimous.
Unanimity,The quality or state of being unanimous.
Unanswerability,The quality of being unanswerable; unanswerableness.
Unanswered,Not answered; not replied; as  an unanswered letter.
Unappalled,Not appalled; not frightened; dauntless; undaunted.
Unapparel,To divest of clothing; to strip.
Unappliable,Inapplicable.
Unapplicable,Inapplicable.
Unappropriate,Inappropriate; unsuitable.
Unappropriated,Not specially appropriate; having not special application.
Unapproved,Not approved.
Unapt,Inapt; slow; dull.
Unaquit,Unrequited.
Unargued,Not argued or debated.
Unarm,To disarm.
Unarmed,Not armed or armored; having no arms or weapons.
Unarted,Ignorant of the arts.
Unartful,Lacking art or skill; artless.
Unartistic,Inartistic.
Unascried,Not descried.
Unaserved,Not served.
Unassured,Not assured; not bold or confident.
Unatonable,Not capable of being brought into harmony; irreconcilable.
Unattached,Not attached; not adhering; having no engagement; free.
Unattentive,Inattentive; careless.
Unattire,To divest of attire; to undress.
Unaudienced,Not given an audience; not received or heard.
Unauspicious,Inauspicious.
Unauthorize,To disown the authority of; to repudiate.
Unavoided,Not avoided or shunned.
Unbacked,Never mounted by a rider; unbroken.
Unbag,To pour  or take or let go out of a bag or bags.
Unballast,To free from ballast; to discharge ballast from.
Unballasted,Freed from ballast; having discharged ballast.
Unbaned,Wanting a band or string; unfastened.
Unbarbed,Not shaven.
Unbarrel,To remove or release from a barrel or barrels.
Unbarricade,To unbolt; to unbar; to open.
Unbarricadoed,Not obstructed by barricades; open; as  unbarricadoed streets.
Unbashful,Not bashful or modest; bold; impudent; shameless.
Unbe,To cause not to be; to cause to be another.
Unbear,To remove or loose the bearing rein of (a horse).
Unbeat,To deliver from the form or nature of a beast.
Unbecome,To misbecome.
Unbecoming,Not becoming; unsuitable; unfit; indecorous; improper.
Unbed,To raise or rouse from bed.
Unbedinned,Not filled with din.
Unbeget,To deprive of existence.
Unbegilt,Not gilded; hence  not rewarded with gold.
Unbegot,Alt. of Unbegotten
Unbeguiled,of Unbeguile
Unbeguiling,of Unbeguile
Unbeguile,To set free from the influence of guile; to undeceive.
Unbegun,Not yet begun; also  existing without a beginning.
Unbehovely,Not behooving or becoming; unseemly.
Unbeing,Not existing.
Unbeknown,Not known; unknown.
Unbelief,The withholding of belief; doubt; incredulity; skepticism.
Unbelieved,Not believed; disbelieved.
Unbelieving,Not believing; incredulous; doubting; distrusting; skeptical.
Unbelt,To remove or loose the belt of; to ungird.
Unbent,of Unbend
Unbending,of Unbend
Unbenevolence,Absence or want of benevolence; ill will.
Unbenign,Not benign; malignant.
Unbenumb,To relieve of numbness; to restore sensation to.
Unbereaven,Unbereft.
Unbereft,Not bereft; not taken away.
Unbeseem,To be unbecoming or unsuitable to; to misbecome.
Unbeseeming,Unbecoming; not befitting.
Unbespeak,To unsay; hence  to annul or cancel.
Unbethink,To change the mind of (one's self).
Unbeware,Unawares.
Unbewitch,To free from a spell; to disenchant.
Unbias,To free from bias or prejudice.
Unbiased,Free from bias or prejudice; unprejudiced; impartial.
Unbid,Alt. of Unbidden
Unbidden,Not bidden; not commanded.
Unbound,of Unbind
Unbinding,of Unbind
Unbitted,of Unbit
Unbitting,of Unbit
Unbless,To deprive of blessings; to make wretched.
Unblessed,Alt. of Unblest
Unblest,Not blest; excluded from benediction; hence  accursed; wretched.
Unblestful,Unblessed.
Unblindfold,To free from that which blindfolds.
Unbloody,Not bloody.
Unblushing,Not blushing; shameless.
Unbody,To free from the body; to disembody.
Unbolt,To remove a bolt from; to unfasten; to unbar; to open.
Unbone,To deprive of bones  as meat; to bone.
Unbooked,Not written in a book; unrecorded.
Unboot,To take off the boots from.
Unborrowed,Not borrowed; being one's own; native; original.
Unbosomed,of Unbosom
Unbosoming,of Unbosom
Unbosomer,One who unbosoms  or discloses.
Unbottomed,Deprived of a bottom.
Unboundably,Infinitely.
Unbow,To unbend.
Unbowed,Not bent or arched; not bowed down.
Unboweled,of Unbowel
Unbowelled,of Unbowel
Unboweling,of Unbowel
Unbowelling,of Unbowel
Unbowel,To deprive of the entrails; to disembowel.
Unbox,To remove from a box or boxes.
Unboy,To divest of the traits of a boy.
Unbreast,To disclose  or lay open; to unbosom.
Unbreathed,Not breathed.
Unbred,Not begotten; unborn.
Unbreeched,of Unbreech
Unbreching,of Unbreech
Unbreech,To remove the breeches of; to divest or strip of breeches.
Unbrewed,Not made by brewing; unmixed; pure; genuine.
Unbridle,To free from the bridle; to set loose.
Unbroken,Not broken; continuous; unsubdued; as  an unbroken colt.
Unbuckle,To loose the buckles of; to unfasten; as  to unbuckle a shoe.
Unbuild,To demolish; to raze.
Unbundle,To release  as from a bundle; to disclose.
Unbung,To remove the bung from; as  to unbung a cask.
Unburden,To relieve from a burden.
Unburiable,Not ready or not proper to be buried.
Unburrow,To force from a burrow; to unearth.
Unburthen,To unburden; to unload.
Unbury,To disinter; to exhume; fig.  to disclose.
Unbusied,Not required to work; unemployed; not busy.
Unbutton,To loose the buttons of; to unfasten.
Unbuxom,Disobedient.
Uncage,To loose  or release from or as from a cage.
Uncalm,To disturb; to disquiet.
Uncamp,To break up the camp of; to dislodge from camp.
Uncanny,Not canny; unsafe; strange; weird; ghostly.
Uncanonize,To deprive of canonical authority.
Uncap,To remove a cap or cover from.
Uncapable,Incapable.
Uncape,To remove a cap or cape from.
Uncardinal,To degrade from the cardinalship.
Uncared,Not cared for; not heeded; -- with for.
Uncarnate,Not fleshy; specifically  not made flesh; not incarnate.
Uncart,To take from  or set free from a cart; to unload.
Uncastle,To take a castle from; to turn out of a castle.
Uncaused,Having no antecedent cause; uncreated; self-existent; eternal.
Uncautelous,Incautious.
Uncautious,Incautious.
Uncautiously,Incautiously.
Unce,A claw.
Unceasable,Not capable of being ended; unceasing.
Uncenter,Alt. of Uncentre
Uncentre,To throw from its center.
Uncentury,To remove from its actual century.
Uncertainly,In an uncertain manner.
Uncertainties,of Uncertainty
Uncertainty,The quality or state of being uncertain.
Uncessant,Incessant.
Unchain,To free from chains or slavery; to let loose.
Unchancy,Happening at a bad time; unseasonable; inconvenient.
Unchaplain,To remove from a chaplaincy.
Uncharge,To free from a charge or load; to unload.
Unchariot,To throw out of a chariot.
Uncharity,Uncharitableness.
Uncharneled,of Uncharnel
Uncharneling,of Uncharnel
Unchaste,Not chaste; not continent; lewd.
Unchastity,The quality or state of being unchaste; lewdness; incontinence.
Uncheckable,Not capable of being checked or stopped.
Unchild,To bereave of children; to make childless.
Unchristen,To render unchristian.
Unchristened,Not christened; as  an unchristened child.
Unchristian,Not Christian; not converted to the Christian faith; infidel.
Unchristianly,Unchristian.
Unchristianness,The quality or state of being unchristian.
Unchurch,To expel  or cause to separate from a church; to excommunicate.
Unciae,of Uncia
Uncia,A twelfth part  as of the Roman as; an ounce.
Unciatim,Ounce by ounce.
Uncinatum,The unciform bone.
Uncini,of Uncinus
Uncipher,To decipher; as  to uncipher a letter.
Uncircumcised,Not circumcised; hence  not of the Israelites.
Uncircumcision,The absence or want of circumcision.
Uncircumstandtial,Not circumstantial; not entering into minute particulars.
Uncity,To deprive of the rank or rights of a city.
Uncivil,Not civilized; savage; barbarous; uncivilized.
Uncivility,Incivility.
Uncivilization,The state of being uncivilized; savagery or barbarism.
Uncivilty,In an uncivil manner.
Unclean,Not clean; foul; dirty; filthy.
Uncleansable,Incapable of being cleansed or cleaned.
Unclench,Same as Unclinch.
Uncleship,The office or position of an uncle.
Unclew,To unwind  unfold or untie; hence to undo; to ruin.
Uncling,To cease from clinging or adhering.
Unclosed,Not separated by inclosures; open.
Unclothe,To strip of clothes or covering; to make naked.
Unclothed,Divested or stripped of clothing.
Unclue,To unwind; to untangle.
Unclutch,To open  as something closely shut.
Uncoach,To detach or loose from a coach.
Uncock,To let down the cock of  as a firearm.
Uncoffle,To release from a coffle.
Uncoif,To deprive of the coif or cap.
Uncoil,To unwind or open  as a coil of rope.
Uncoined,Not coined  or minted; as uncoined silver.
Uncolt,To unhorse.
Uncomeatable,Not to be come at  or reached; inaccessible.
Uncomely,Not comely. -- adv. In an uncomely manner.
Uncomplete,Incomplete.
Uncomprehend,To fail to comprehend.
Uncomprehensive,Unable to comprehend.
Unconceivable,Inconceivable.
Unconcludent,Alt. of Unconcluding
Unconcluding,Inconclusive.
Unconclusive,Inconclusive.
Unconditioned,Not conditioned or subject to conditions; unconditional.
Unconfidence,Absence of confidence; uncertainty; doubt.
Uncoform,Unlike.
Uncoformability,The quality or state of being unconformable; unconformableness.
Unconformable,Not conformable; not agreeable; not conforming.
Unconformist,A nonconformist.
Unconformity,Want of conformity; incongruity; inconsistency.
Unconfound,To free from a state of confusion  or of being confounded.
Unconfounded,Not confounded.
Uncongeal,To thaw; to become liquid again.
Unconning,Not knowing; ignorant.
Unconquerable,Not conquerable; indomitable.
Unconsecrate,To render not sacred; to deprive of sanctity; to desecrate.
Unconsequential,Inconsequential.
Unconsiderate,Inconsiderate; heedless; careless.
Unconsonant,Incongruous; inconsistent.
Unconspicuous,Inconspicuous.
Unconstancy,Inconstancy.
Unconstant,Not constant; inconstant; fickle; changeable.
Unconstraint,Freedom from constraint; ease.
Unconsummate,Not consummated; not accomplished.
Uncontestable,Incontestable.
Uncontinent,Not continent; incontinent.
Uncontroversory,Not involving controversy.
Uncontrovertible,Incontrovertible.
Uncontrovertibly,Incontrovertibly.
Unconvenient,Inconvenient.
Unconversion,The state of being unconverted; impenitence.
Unconverted,Not converted or exchanged.
Uncork,To draw the cork from; as  to uncork a bottle.
Uncorrect,Incorrect.
Uncorrigible,Incorrigible; not capable of correction.
Uncorrupt,Incorrupt.
Uncorruptible,Incorruptible.
Uncorruption,Incorruption.
Uncourtliness,Absence of courtliness; rudeness; rusticity.
Uncous,Hooklike; hooked.
Uncouth,Unknown.
Uncovenable,Not covenable; inconvenient.
Uncovered,of Uncover
Uncovering,of Uncover
Uncowl,To divest or deprive of a cowl.
Uncreate,To deprive of existence; to annihilate.
Uncreated,Deprived of existence; annihilated.
Uncreatedness,The quality or state of being uncreated.
Uncredible,Incredible.
Uncredit,To cause to be disbelieved; to discredit.
Uncreditable,Discreditable.
Uncrudded,Not cruddled  or curdled.
Unctious,Unctuous.
Unctuosity,Quality or state of being unctuous.
Unculpable,Inculpable; not blameworthy.
Uncult,Not cultivated; rude; illiterate.
Unculture,Want of culture.
Uncunning,Ignorant.
Uncunningly,Ignorantly.
Uncunningness,Ignorance.
Uncurable,Incurable.
Uncurably,In an uncurable manner.
Uncurbable,Not capable of being curbed.
Uncurse,To free from a curse or an execration.
Uncurtain,To remove a curtain from; to reveal.
Unci,of Uncus
Uncus,A hook or claw.
Uncustomable,Not customable  or subject to custom duties.
Uncustomed,Uncustomable; also  not having paid duty or customs.
Uncuth,Unknown; strange.
Uncypher,See Uncipher.
Undam,To free from a dam  mound or other obstruction.
Undampned,Uncondemned.
Undated,Rising and falling in waves toward the margin  as a leaf; waved.
Undauntable,Incapable of being daunted; intrepid; fearless; indomitable.
Undaunted,Not daunted; not subdued or depressed by fear.
Unde,Waving or wavy; -- applied to ordinaries  or division lines.
Undeadly,Not subject to death; immortal.
Undeaf,To free from deafness; to cause to hear.
Undecagon,A figure having eleven angles and eleven sides.
Undecency,Indecency.
Undecennary,Occurring once in every period of eleven years; undecennial.
Undecent,Indecent.
Undecide,To reverse or recant  as a previous decision.
Undecisive,Indecisive.
Undeck,To divest of ornaments.
Undecked,Not decked; unadorned.
Undecreed,Not decreed.
Undecyl,The radical regarded as characteristic of undecylic acid.
Undeeded,Not deeded or transferred by deed; as  undeeded land.
Undefatigable,Indefatigable.
Undefeasible,Indefeasible.
Undeniably,In an undeniable manner.
Undepartable,Incapable of being parted; inseparable.
Underact,To perform inefficiently  as a play; to act feebly.
Underactor,A subordinate actor.
Underagent,A subordinate agent.
Underaid,To aid clandestinely.
Underbear,To support; to endure.
Underbind,To bind beneath.
Underbrace,To brace  fasten or bind underneath or below.
Underbranch,A lower branch.
Underbred,Not thoroughly bred; ill-bred; as  an underbred fellow.
Underbuilder,A subordinate or assistant builder.
Underbuilding,Same as Substruction.
Undercast,To cast under or beneath.
Underchamberlain,A deputy chamberlain of the exchequer.
Underchanter,Same as Subchanter.
Underchaps,The lower chaps or jaw.
Underclothing,Same as Underclothes.
Underconduct,A lower conduit; a subterranean conduit.
Undercraft,A sly trick or device; as  an undercraft of authors.
Undercreep,To creep secretly or privily.
Undercrest,To support as a crest; to bear.
Undercry,To cry aloud.
Undercut,The lower or under side of a sirloin of beef; the fillet.
Underdealing,Crafty  unfair or underhand dealing; unfair practice; trickery.
Underdelve,To delve under.
Underdig,To dig under or beneath; to undermine.
Underdo,To do less than is requisite or proper; -- opposed to overdo.
Underdoer,One who underdoes; a shirk.
Underdolven,p. p. of Underdelve.
Underdressed,Not dresses enough.
Underestimate,To set to/ low a value on; to estimate below the truth.
Underfaction,A subordinate party or faction.
Underfaculty,An inferior or subordinate faculty.
Underfarmer,An assistant farmer.
Underfellow,An underling // mean  low fellow.
Underfilling,The filling below or beneath; the under part of a building.
Underfollow,To follow closely or immediately after.
Underfong,To undertake; to take in hand; to receive.
Underfoot,Under the feet; underneath; below. See Under foot  under Foot n.
Underfringe,A lower fringe; a fringe underneath something.
Underfurnish,To supply with less than enough; to furnish insufficiently.
Under-garment,A garment worn below another.
Underget,To get under or beneath; also  to understand.
Undergird,To blind below; to gird round the bottom.
Underwent,of Undergo
Undergone,of Undergo
Undergoing,of Undergo
Undergo,To go or move below or under.
Undergod,A lower or inferio/ god; a subordinate deity; a demigod.
Undergore,To gore underneath.
Undergown,A gown worn under another  or under some other article of dress.
Undergraduateship,The position or condition of an undergraduate.
Undergroan,To groan beneath.
Undergrove,A grove of shrubs or low trees under taller ones.
Undergrow,To grow to an inferior  or less than the usual size or height.
Undergrown,Of small stature; not grown to a full height or size.
Undergrub,To undermine.
Underhand,Secret; clandestine; hence  mean; unfair; fraudulent.
Underhanded,Underhand; clandestine.
Underhandedly,In an underhand manner.
Underhang,To hang under or down; to suspend.
Underhangman,An assistant or deputy hangman.
Underhead,A blockhead  or stupid person; a dunderhead.
Underheave,To heave or lift from below.
Underhonest,Not entirely honest.
Underjaw,The lower jaw.
Underjoin,To join below or beneath; to subjoin.
Underkeep,To keep under  or in subjection; to suppress.
Underkeeper,A subordinate keeper or guardian.
Underkind,An inferior kind.
Underkingdom,A subordinate or dependent kingdom.
Underlaborer,An assistant or subordinate laborer.
Underlay,To lay beneath; to put under.
Underlayer,One who  or that which underlays or is underlaid; a lower layer.
Underleaf,A prolific sort of apple  good for cider.
Underlet,To let below the value.
Underletter,A tenant or lessee who grants a lease to another.
Underline,To mark a line below  as words; to underscore.
Underlip,The lower lip.
Underlock,A lock of wool hanging under the belly of a sheep.
Underlocker,A person who inspects a mine daily; -- called also underviewer.
Undermanned,Insufficiently furnished with men; short-handed.
Undermatch,One who is not a match for another.
Undermeal,The inferior  or after part of the day; the afternoon.
Underminer,One who undermines.
Underminister,To serve  or minister to in a subordinate relation.
Underministry,A subordinate or inferior ministry.
Undermirth,Suppressed or concealed mirth.
Undermoneyed,Bribed.
Undermost,Lowest  as in place rank or condition.
Underniceness,A want of niceness; indelicacy; impropriety.
Undernom,of Undernime
Undernime,To receive; to perceive.
Underofficer,A subordinate officer.
Underpart,A subordinate part.
Underpay,To pay inadequately.
Underpeep,To peep under.
Underpeer,To peer under.
Underpeopled,Not fully peopled.
Underpight,imp. of Underpitch.
Underpinned,of Underpin
Underpinning,of Underpin
Underpitch,To fill underneath; to stuff.
Underpoise,To weigh  estimate or rate below desert; to undervalue.
Underpraise,To praise below desert.
Underprize,To undervalue; to underestimate.
Underproportioned,Of inadequate or inferior proportions; small; poor.
Underproper,One who  or that which underprops or supports.
Underpull,To exert one's influence secretly.
Underpuller,One who underpulls.
Underput,To put or send under.
Underrate,To rate too low; to rate below the value; to undervalue.
Underreckon,To reckon below what is right or proper; to underrate.
Undersail,To sail alongshore.
Undersailed,Inadequately equipped with sails.
Undersaturated,Not fully saturated; imperfectly saturated.
Undersay,To say by way of derogation or contradiction.
Underscore,To draw a mark or line under; to underline.
Underservant,An inferior servant.
Underset,To prop or support.
Undersetting,Something set or built under as a support; a pedestal.
Undershapen,Under the usual shape or size; small; dwarfish.
Undersheriff,A sheriff's deputy.
Undersheriffry,Undershrievalty.
Undershoot,To shoot short of (a mark).
Undershrievalty,The office or position of an undersheriff.
Undershrieve,A low shrub; a woody plant of low stature.
Undershrub,Partly shrublike.
Undershut,Closed from beneath.
Underside,The lower or lowest side of anything.
Undersized,Of a size less than is common.
Underskinker,Undertapster.
Underskirt,A petticoat; the foundation skirt of a draped dress.
Undersky,The lower region of the sky.
Undersleeve,A sleeve of an under-garment; a sleeve worn under another
Undersold,p. p. of Undersell.
Undersong,The burden of a song; the chorus; the refrain.
Underspend,To spend less than.
Underspore,To raise with a spar  or piece of wood used as a lever.
Understairs,The basement or cellar.
Understood,of Understand
Understanded,of Understand
Understanding,of Understand
Understandable,Capable of being understood; intelligible.
Understander,One who understands  or knows by experience.
Understate,To state or represent less strongly than may be done truthfully.
Understock,To supply insufficiently with stock.
Understrapper,A petty fellow; an inferior agent; an underling.
Understrapping,Becoming an understrapper; subservient.
Understrata,of Understratum
Understratums,of Understratum
Understroke,To underline or underscore.
Undersuit,A suit worn under another suit; a suit of underclothes.
Undertakable,Capable of being undertaken; practicable.
Undertook,of Undertake
Undertaken,of Undertake
Undertaking,of Undertake
Undertaker,One who undertakes; one who engages in any project or business.
Undertapster,Assistant to a tapster.
Undertaxed,Taxed too little  or at a lower rate than others.
Underthing,Something that is inferior and of little worth.
Undertide,Alt. of Undertime
Undertime,The under or after part of the day; undermeal; evening.
Undertone,A low or subdued tone or utterance; a tone less loud than usual.
Undertreasurer,An assistant treasurer.
Underturn,To turn upside down; to subvert; to upset.
Undervalue,To value  rate or estimate below the real worth; to depreciate.
Undervaluer,One who undervalues.
Underverse,The lower or second verse.
Undervest,An undershirt.
Underviewer,See Underlooker.
Underwear,That which is worn under the outside clothing; underclothes.
Underween,To undervalue.
Underwing,One of the posterior wings of an insect.
Underwitted,Weak in intellect; half-witted; silly.
Underworked,of Underwork
Underwrought,of Underwork
Underworking,of Underwork
Underworker,One who underworks.
Underwrote,of Underwrite
Underwrit,of Underwrite
Underwritten,of Underwrite
Underwriting,of Underwrite
Underwrite,To write under something else; to subscribe.
Undeserve,To fail to deserve.
Undeserver,One of no merit; one who is nor deserving or worthy.
Undestroyable,Indestructible.
Undeterminable,Not determinable; indeterminable.
Undeterminate,Nor determinate; not settled or certain; indeterminate.
Undetermination,Indetermination.
Undevil,To free from possession by a devil or evil spirit; to exorcise.
Undevotion,Absence or want of devotion.
Undid,imp. of Undo.
Undigenous,Generated by water.
Undigestible,Indigestible.
Undight,To put off; to lay aside  as a garment.
Undigne,Unworthy.
Undiocesed,Unprovided with a diocese; having no diocese.
Undirect,To misdirect; to mislead.
Undirected,Not directed; not guided; left without direction.
Undirectly,Indirectly.
Undiscerning,Want of discernment.
Undisclose,To keep close or secret.
Undiscreet,Indiscreet.
Undispensable,Indispensable.
Undispensed,Not dispensed.
Undisposedness,Indisposition; disinclination.
Undisputable,Indisputable.
Undistinctive,Making no distinctions; not discriminating; impartial.
Undistinctly,Indistinctly.
Undividual,Indivisible.
Undivisible,Indivisible.
Undo,To reverse  as what has been done; to annul; to bring to naught.
Undock,To take out of dock; as  to undock a ship.
Undoer,One who undoes anything; especially  one who ruins another.
Undoing,The reversal of what has been done.
Undomesticate,To make wild or roving.
Undone,p. p. of Undo.
Undouble,To unfold  or render single.
Undoubtable,Indubitable.
Undrape,To strip of drapery; to uncover or unveil.
Undraw,To draw aside or open; to draw back.
Undreamed,Alt. of Undreamt
Undress,To divest of clothes; to strip.
Undubitable,Indubitable; as  an undubitable principle.
Undue,Not due; not yet owing; as  an undue debt note or bond.
Undueness,The quality of being undue.
Unduke,To deprive of dukedom.
Undulant,Undulating.
Undulary,Moving like waves; undulatory.
Undulate,Same as Undulated.
Undulated,of Undulate
Undulating,of Undulate
Undulationist,One who advocates the undulatory theory of light.
Undulative,Consisting in  or accompanied by undulations; undulatory.
Undull,To remove the dullness of; to clear.
Undulous,Undulating; undulatory.
Unduly,In an undue manner.
Undumpish,To relieve from the dumps.
Undust,To free from dust.
Undwellable,Uninhabitable.
Undwelt,Not lived (in); -- with in.
Uneared,Not eared  or plowed.
Unearned,Not earned; not gained by labor or service.
Unearthed,of Unearth
Unearthing,of Unearth
Unease,Want of ease; uneasiness.
Uneasity,In an easy manner.
Uneasy,Not easy; difficult.
Uneath,Not easy; difficult; hard.
Unedge,To deprive of the edge; to blunt.
Unefectual,Ineffectual.
Unelastic,Not elastic; inelastic.
Unelasticity,Inelasticity.
Unelegant,Inelegant.
Uneligible,Ineligible.
Unembarrassed,Not embarrassed.
Unembarrassment,Freedom from embarrassment.
Unembodied,Free from a corporeal body; disembodied; as  unembodied spirits.
Unempirically,Not empirically; without experiment or experience.
Unemployed,Not employed in manual or other labor; having no regular work.
Unencumber,To free from incumbrance; to disencumber.
Unendly,Unending; endless.
Unentangle,To disentangle.
Unequalable,Not capable of being equaled or paralleled.
Unequally,In an unequal manner.
Unequalness,The quality or state of being unequal; inequality; unevenness.
Unequitable,Inequitable.
Unequity,Want of equity or uprightness; injustice; wickedness; iniquity.
Unerringly,In an unerring manner.
Unessentially,In an unessential manner.
Unestablish,To disestablish.
Ubeth,Alt. of Unethes
Unethes,With difficulty; scarcely. See Uneath.
Unevitable,Inevitable.
Unexact,Not exact; inexact.
Unexceptive,Not exceptive; not including  admitting or being an exception.
Unexcusable,Inexcusable.
Unexhaustible,Inexhaustible.
Unexpectation,Absence of expectation; want of foresight.
Unexpected,Not expected; coming without warning; sudden.
Unexpedient,Inexpedient.
Unexpensive,Inexpensive.
Unexperience,Inexperience.
Unexperienced,Not experienced; being without experience; inexperienced.
Unexperient,Inexperienced.
Unexpert,Not expert; inexpert.
Unexpertly,In an unexpert manner.
Unexpressible,Inexpressible.
Unexpressive,Not expressive; not having the power of utterance; inexpressive.
Unextinguishable,Inextinguishable.
Unextricable,Not extricable; inextricable.
Unface,To remove the face or cover from; to unmask; to expose.
Unfailable,Infallible.
Unfailing,Not failing; not liable to fail; inexhaustible; certain; sure.
Unfair,To deprive of fairness or beauty.
Unfaith,Absence or want of faith; faithlessness; distrust; unbelief.
Unfalcated,Not falcated  or hooked.
Unfallible,Infallible.
Unfasten,To loose; to unfix; to unbind; to untie.
Unfathered,Having no father; fatherless; hence  born contrary to nature.
Unfavorable,Not favorable; not propitious; adverse; contrary; discouraging.
Unfeather,To deprive of feathers; to strip.
Unfeatured,Wanting regular features; deformed.
Unfeaty,Not feat; not dexterous; unskillful; clumsy.
Unfellowed,Being without a fellow; unmatched; unmated.
Unfence,To strip of a fence; to remove a fence from.
Unfertile,Not fertile; infertile; barren.
Unfestlich,Unfit for a feast; hence  jaded; worn.
Unfeudalize,To free from feudal customs or character; to make not feudal.
Unfile,To remove from a file or record.
Unfiled,Not defiled; pure.
Unfirm,Infirm.
Unfirmness,Infirmness.
Unflesh,To deprive of flesh; to reduce a skeleton.
Unfleshly,Not pertaining to the flesh; spiritual.
Unflexible,Inflexible.
Unflinching,Not flinching or shrinking; unyielding.
Unflower,To strip of flowers.
Unfolder,One who  or that which unfolds.
Unfoldment,The acct of unfolding  or the state of being unfolded.
Unfool,To restore from folly  or from being a fool.
Unforesee,To fail to foresee.
Unforeseeable,Incapable of being foreseen.
Unforeskinned,Deprived of the foreskin; circumcised.
Unforgettable,Not forgettable; enduring in memory.
Unformed,Decomposed  or resolved into parts; having the form destroyed.
Unfounded,Not founded; not built or established.
Unframe,To take apart  or destroy the frame of.
Unfrangible,Infrangible.
Unfraught,Not fraught; not burdened.
Unfree,Not free; held in bondage.
Unfreeze,To thaw.
Unfrequency,Infrequency.
Unfrequent,Infrequent.
Unfret,To smooth after being fretted.
Unfriend,One not a friend; an enemy.
Unfriended,Wanting friends; not befriended; not countenanced or supported.
Unfumed,Not exposed to fumes; not fumigated.
Unfurnish,To strip of furniture; to divest; to strip.
Unfusible,Infusible.
Ungain,Ungainly; clumsy; awkward; also  troublesome; inconvenient.
Ungainliness,The state or quality of being ungainly; awkwardness.
Ungear,To strip of gear; to unharness; to throw out of gear.
Ungenerous,Not generous; illiberal; ignoble; unkind; dishonorable.
Ungenerously,In an ungenerous manner.
Ungenitured,Destitute of genitals; impotent.
Ungentle,Not gentle; lacking good breeding or delicacy; harsh.
Ungifted,Being without gifts  especially native gifts or endowments.
Ungird,To loose the girdle or band of; to unbind; to unload.
Ungive,To yield; to relax; to give way.
Ungka,The siamang; -- called also ungka ape.
Unglorify,To deprive of glory.
Unglorious,Inglorious.
Unglove,To take off the glove or gloves of; as  to unglove the hand.
Unglue,To separate  part or open as anything fastened with glue.
Ungod,To deprive of divinity; to undeify.
Ungored,Not stained with gore; not bloodied.
Ungot,Alt. of Ungotten
Ungotten,Not gotten; not acquired.
Ungown,To strip of a gown; to unfrock.
Ungowned,Stripped of a gown; unfrocked.
Ungrate,Displeasing; ungrateful; ingrate.
Unguard,To deprive of a guard; to leave unprotected.
Ungueal,Ungual.
Unguent,A lubricant or salve for sores  burns or the like; an ointment.
Unguentary,Like an unguent  or partaking of its qualities.
Unguentous,Unguentary.
Unguestlike,In a manner not becoming to a guest.
Unguical,Ungual.
Unguicular,Of or pertaining to a claw or a nail; ungual.
Unguiculate,One of the Unguiculata.
Unguiferous,Producing  having or supporting nails or claws.
Unguiform,Having the form of a claw or claws.
Ungues,of Unguis
Unguis,The nail  claw talon or hoof of a finger toe or other appendage.
Ungulae,of Ungula
Ungula,A hoof  claw or talon.
Ungular,Of or pertaining to a hoof  claw or talon; ungual.
Ungulate,Shaped like a hoof.
Unguligrade,Having  or walking on hoofs.
Ungulous,Same as Ungulate.
Unhair,To deprive of hair  or of hairs; as to unhair hides for leather.
Unhallow,To profane; to desecrate.
Unhallowed,Not consecrated; hence  profane; unholy; impious; wicked.
Unhand,To loose from the hand; to let go.
Unhandy,Clumsy; awkward; as  an Unhandy man.
Unhap,Ill luck; misfortune.
Unhappied,Made unhappy.
Unharbor,To drive from harbor or shelter.
Unharbored,Having no harbor or shelter; unprotected.
Unharmonious,Inharmonious; unsymmetrical; also  unmusical; discordant.
Unhasp,To unloose the hasp of; to unclose.
Unhead,To take out the head of; as  to unhead a cask.
Unheal,Misfortune; calamity; sickness.
Unhealth,Unsoundness; disease.
Unheard-of,New; unprecedented; unparalleled.
Unheart,To cause to lose heart; to dishearten.
Unheedy,Incautious; precipitate; heedless.
Unheired,Destitute of an heir.
Unhele,Same as Unheal  n.
Unhelm,To deprive of the helm or helmet.
Unhelmed,Divested or deprived of the helm or helmet.
Unhelmet,To deprive of the helmet.
Unhide,To bring out from concealment; to discover.
Unhinge,To take from the hinges; as  to unhinge a door.
Unhingement,The act unhinging  or the state of being unhinged.
Unhive,To drive or remove from a hive.
Unhoard,To take or steal from a hoard; to pilfer.
Unhold,To cease to hold; to unhand; to release.
Unhonest,Dishonest; dishonorable.
Unhood,To remove a hood or disguise from.
Unhoop,To strip or deprive of hoops; to take away the hoops of.
Unhoped,Not hoped or expected.
Unhoped-for,Unhoped; unexpected.
Unhosed,Without hose.
Unhospitable,Inhospitable.
Unhoused,Driven from a house; deprived of shelter.
Unhouseled,Not having received the sacrament.
Unhuman,Not human; inhuman.
Unhumanize,To render inhuman or barbarous.
Unhusked,Not husked; having the husk on.
Uni-,A prefix signifying one  once; as in uniaxial unicellular.
Uniat,Alt. of Uniate
Uniaxal,Uniaxial.
Uniaxial,Having but one optic axis  or line of no double refraction.
Uniaxially,In a uniaxial manner.
Unibranchiate,Having but one gill  as certain molluscs.
Unicapsular,Having but one capsule to each flower.
Unicarinated,Having one ridge or keel.
Unicelled,Unicellular.
Unicentral,Having a single center of growth.
Uniclinal,See Nonoclinal.
Unicolorous,Having the surface of a uniform color.
Unicornous,Having but a single horn; -- said of certain insects.
Unideaed,Having no ideas; senseless; frivolous.
Unideal,Not ideal; real; unimaginative.
Unidimensional,Having but one dimension. See Dimension.
Unific,Making one or unity; unifying.
Unification,The act of unifying  or the state of being unified.
Uniflagellate,Having but one flagellum; as  uniflagellate organisms.
Uniflorous,Bearing one flower only; as  a uniflorous peduncle.
Unifolliate,Having only one leaf.
Unifollilate,Having only one leaflet  as the leaves of the orange tree.
Uniformal,Uniform.
Uniformitarianism,The uniformitarian doctrine.
Unifromness,The quality or state of being uniform; uniformity.
Unified,of Unify
Unifying,of Unify
Unigeniture,The state of being the only begotten.
Unigenous,Being of one kind; being of the same genus.
Unijugate,Having but one pair of leaflets; -- said of a pinnate leaf.
Unilabiate,Having one lip only; as  a unilabiate corolla.
Unilateral,Being on one side only; affecting but one side; one-sided.
Uniliteral,Consisting of one letter only; as  a uniliteral word or sign.
Unilobar,Consisting of a single lobe.
Unimitable,Inimitable.
Unimpairable,That can not be impaired.
Unimplicate,Not implicated.
Unimportance,Want of importance; triviality.
Unincumbered,Not incumbered; not burdened.
Uninfringible,That may not be infringed; as  an uninfringible monopoly.
Unintelligence,Absence or lack of intelligence; unwisdom; ignorance.
Uninteressed,Uninterested; unaffected.
Unintermission,Want or failure of intermission.
Uninucleated,Possessed of but a single nucleus; as  a uninucleated cell.
Uniocular,Of  pertaining to or seated in one eye; monocular.
Uniovulate,Containing but one ovule.
Unipara,A woman who has borne one child.
Uniparous,Producing but one egg or young at a time.
Uniped,Having only one foot.
Unipersonal,Existing as one  and only one person; as a unipersonal God.
Unipersonalist,One who believes that the Deity is unipersonal.
Uniphonous,Having but one sound  as the drum.
Uniplicate,Having  or consisting of but one fold.
Unipolar,Having  or acting by means of one pole only.
Uniquity,The quality or state of being unique; uniqueness.
Uniradiated,Having but one ray.
Uniramous,Having but one branch.
Uniserial,Having only one row or series.
Uniseriate,Having one line or series; uniserial.
Unison,Harmony; agreement; concord; union.
Unisonal,Being in unison; unisonant.
Unisonance,Accordance of sounds; unison.
Unisonous,Being in unison; unisonant.
Unit,A single thing or person.
Unitable,Capable of union by growth or otherwise.
Unitarianism,The doctrines of Unitarians.
Unitarianized,of Unitarianize
Unitarianizing,of Unitarianize
Unitarianize,To change or turn to Unitarian views.
United,of Unite
Uniting,of Unite
Unitedly,In an united manner.
Uniter,One who  or that which unites.
Uniterable,Not iterable; incapable of being repeated.
Unition,The act of uniting  or the state of being united; junction.
Unitively,In a unitive manner.
Unitized,of Unitize
Unitizing,of Unitize
Unitude,Unity.
Unities,of Unity
Unity,The state of being one; oneness.
Univalence,The quality or state of being univalent.
Univalved,Having one valve; as  a univalve shell or pericarp.
Univalvia,Same as Gastropoda.
Univalvular,Same as Univalve  a.
Universalian,Of or pertaining to Universalism; Universalist.
Universalistic,Of or pertaining to the whole; universal.
Universalties,of Universality
Universalized,of Universalize
Universalizing,of Universalize
Universalize,To make universal; to generalize.
Universalness,The quality or state of being universal; universality.
Universities,of University
University,The universe; the whole.
Universological,Of or pertaining to universology.
Universologist,One who is versed in universology.
Univocacy,The quality or state of being univocal.
Univocal,Having one meaning only; -- contrasted with equivocal.
Univocation,Agreement of name and meaning.
Unjoin,To disjoin.
Unjoint,To disjoint.
Unjointed,Disjointed; unconnected; hence  incoherent.
Unjustice,Want of justice; injustice.
Unkard,See Unked.
Unked,Odd; strange; ugly; old; uncouth.
Unkemmed,Unkempt.
Unkempt,Not combed; disheveled; as  an urchin with unkempt hair.
Unkennel,To drive from a kennel or hole; as  to unkennel a fox.
Unkent,Unknown; strange.
Unketh,Uncouth.
Unkind,Having no race or kindred; childless.
Unkindliness,Unkindness.
Unkindly,Not kindly; unkind; ungracious.
Unkindred,Not kindred; not of the same kin.
Unking,To cause to cease to be a king.
Unkle,See Uncle.
Unknight,To deprive of knighthood.
Unknit,To undo or unravel what is knitted together.
Unknot,To free from knots; to untie.
Unknow,To cease to know; to lose the knowledge of.
Unknowledged,Not acknowledged or recognized.
Unknown,Not known; not apprehended.
Unlabored,Not produced by labor or toil.
Unlace,To loose by undoing a lacing; as  to unlace a shoe.
Unlaid,Not laid or placed; not fixed.
Unland,To deprive of lands.
Unlap,To unfold.
Unlash,To loose  as that which is lashed or tied down.
Unlatched,of Unlatch
Unlatching,of Unlatch
Unlatch,To open or loose by lifting the latch; as  to unlatch a door.
Unlaugh,To recall  as former laughter.
Unlaw,To deprive of the authority or character of law.
Unlawful,Not lawful; contrary to law.
Unlay,To untwist; as  to unlay a rope.
Unlearned,Not learned; untaught; uneducated; ignorant; illiterate.
Unleavened,Not leavened; containing no leaven; as  unleavened bread.
Unlikelihood,Absence of likelihood.
Unlikeliness,The quality or state of being unlikely.
Unliken,To make unlike; to dissimilate.
Unlimber,To detach the limber from; as  to unlimber a gun.
Unlimitable,Illimitable.
Unlink,To separate or undo  as links; to uncoil; to unfasten.
Unliquored,Not moistened or wet with liquor; dry.
Unlived,Bereft or deprived of life.
Unlocated,Not located or placed; not fixed in a place.
Unlock,To unfasten  as what is locked; as to unlock a door or a chest.
Unlodge,To dislodge; to deprive of lodgment.
Unlook,To recall or retract  as a look.
Unlooked,Not observed or foreseen; unexpected; -- generally with for.
Unlooked-for,Not looked for; unexpected; as  an unlooked-for event.
Unloose,To make loose; to loosen; to set free.
Unloosen,To loosen; to unloose.
Unlord,To deprive of the rank or position of a lord.
Unlorded,Deprived of the rank of a lord.
Unlove,To cease to love; to hate.
Unluckily,In an unlucky manner.
Unluckiness,Quality or state of being unlucky.
Unlust,Listlessness; disinclination.
Unmade,Not yet made or formed; as  an unmade grave.
Unmagistrate,To divest of the office or authority of a magistrate.
Unmaiden,To ravish; to deflower.
Unmanacle,To free from manacles.
Unmanhood,Absence or lack of manhood.
Unmannerly,Not mannerly; ill-bred; rude.
Unmantle,To divest of a mantle; to uncover.
Unmarry,To annul the marriage of; to divorce.
Unmartyr,To degrade from the rank of a martyr.
Unmasculate,To emasculate.
Unmask,To strip of a mask or disguise; to lay open; to expose.
Unmasterable,Incapable of being mastered or subdued.
Unmaterial,Not material; immaterial.
Unmeaning,Having no meaning or signification; as  unmeaning words.
Unmeant,Not meant or intended; unintentional.
Unmeasurable,Immeasurable.
Unmechanized,Not mechanized.
Unmember,To deprive of membership  as in a church.
Unmentionables,The breeches; trousers.
Unmercied,Unmerciful; merciless.
Unmerciless,Utterly merciless.
Unmew,To release from confinement or restraint.
Unmingle,To separate  as things mixed.
Unmiter,Alt. of Unmitre
Unmold,Alt. of Unmould
Unmould,To change the form of; to reduce from any form.
Unmoneyed,Destitute of money; not rich.
Unmonopolize,To recover or release from the state of being monopolized.
Unmoralized,Not restrained or tutored by morality.
Unmorrised,Not arrayed in the dress of a morris dancer.
Unmortise,To loosen  unfix or separate as things mortised together.
Un-Mosaic,Not according to Moses; unlike Moses or his works.
Unmothered,Deprived of a mother; motherless.
Unmovable,Immovable.
Unmovably,Immovably.
Unmoved,Not moved; fixed; firm; unshaken; calm; apathetic.
Unmuffle,To take a covering from  as the face; to uncover.
Unmutable,Immutable.
Unmuzzle,To loose from a muzzle; to remove a muzzle from.
Unnail,To remove the nails from; to unfasten by removing nails.
Unnapped,Finished without a nap.
Unnaturalize,To make unnatural.
Unnear,Not near; not close to; at a distance from.
Unnecessity,The state of being unnecessary; something unnecessary.
Unneighbored,Being without neigbors.
Unneighborly,Not neighborly; distant; reserved; solitary; exclusive.
Unnervate,Enervate.
Unnest,To eject from a nest; to unnestle.
Unnestle,Same as Unnest.
Unnethe,Alt. of Unnethes
Unnethes,With difficulty. See Uneath.
Unnoble,Ignoble.
Unnobly,Ignobly.
Unhooked,Without nooks and corners; guileless.
Unnotify,To retract or withdraw a notice of.
Unnumbered,Not numbered; not counted or estimated; innumerable.
Unnumerable,Innumerable.
Unnun,To remove from condition of being a nun.
Unobedience,Disobedience.
Unobedient,Disobedient.
Unobservance,Want or neglect of observance; inobservance.
Unobtrusive,Not obtrusive; not presuming; modest.
Unoffensive,Inoffensive.
Unoften,Not often.
Unoil,To remove the oil from.
Unoperative,Producing no effect; inoperative.
Unoperculated,Destitute of an operculum  or cover.
Unorder,To countermand an order for.
Unorderly,Disorderly.
Unordinate,Disorderly; irregular; inordinate.
Unoriginated,Not originated; existing from all eternity.
Unoriginately,Without origin.
Unossified,Destitute of a bony structure.
Unowed,Ownerless.
Unowned,Not owned; having no owner.
Unpacker,One who unpacks.
Unpaganize,To cause to cease to be pagan; to divest of pagan character.
Unpaint,To remove the paint from; to efface  as a painting.
Unpaired,Not paired; not suited or matched.
Unpalped,Destitute of a palp.
Unpannel,To take the saddle off; to unsaddle.
Unparagoned,Having no paragon or equal; matchless; peerless.
Unparalleled,Having no parallel  or equal; unequaled; unmatched.
Unparched,Dried up; withered by heat.
Unparented,Having no parent  or no acknowledged parent.
Unpartial,Impartial.
Unpassable,Impassable.
Unpassionate,Not passionate; dispassionate.
Unpastor,To cause to be no longer pastor; to deprive of pastorship.
Unpathed,Not having a path.
Unpathwayed,Pathless.
Unpatience,Impatience.
Unpatient,Impatient.
Unpaved,Not paved; not furnished with a pavement.
Unpay,To undo  take back or annul as a payment.
Unpeace,Absence or lack of peace.
Unpedigreed,Not distinguished by a pedigree.
Unpeeled,Thoroughly stripped; pillaged.
Unpeerable,Incapable of having a peer  or equal.
Unpeered,Having no peer; unequaled; unparalleled.
Unpeg,To remove a peg or pegs from; to unfasten; to open.
Unpen,To release from a pen or from confinement.
Unpenetrable,Impenetrable.
Unpenitent,Impenitent.
Unpeople,To deprive of inhabitants; to depopulate.
Unperegal,Unequal.
Unperfect,To mar or destroy the perfection of.
Unperfection,Want of perfection; imperfection.
Unperishable,Imperishable.
Unperishably,Imperishably.
Unperplex,To free from perplexity.
Unpersuasion,The state of not being persuaded; disbelief; doubt.
Unphilosophize,To degrade from the character of a philosopher.
Unpick,To pick out; to undo by picking.
Unpicked,Picked out; picked open.
Unpinion,To loose from pinions or manacles; to free from restraint.
Unpitied,Not pitied.
Unpitious,Impious; wicked.
Unpitousty,Impiety.
Unpity,Want of piety.
Unplacable,Implacable.
Unplaced,Not placed.
Unplaid,To deprive of a plaid.
Unplained,Not deplored or bewailed; unlamented.
Unplausive,Not approving; disapproving.
Unpleaded,Not used as a plea; not urged; as  an unpleaded excuse.
Unpleasant,Not pleasant; not amiable or agreeable; displeasing; offensive.
Unpleasantries,of Unpleasantry
Unpleasantry,Want of pleasantry.
Unpleasive,Unpleasant.
Unpleat,To remove the plaits of; to smooth.
Unplight,To unfold; to lay open; to explain.
Unplumb,To deprive of lead  as of a leaden coffin.
Unplume,To strip of plumes or feathers; hence  to humiliate.
Unpoised,Not poised or balanced.
Unpoison,To remove or expel poison from.
Unpolicied,Not having civil polity  or a regular form of government.
Unpolish,To deprive of polish; to make impolite.
Unpolite,Not polite; impolite; rude.
Unpolitic,Impolitic; imprudent.
Unpolled,Not polled.
Unpope,To divest of the character  office or authority of a pope.
Unportunate,Importunate; troublesome with requests.
Unportuous,Having no ports.
Unpossess,To be without  or to resign possession of.
Unpossibility,Impossibility.
Unpossible,Impossible.
Unpower,Want of power; weakness.
Unpowerful,Not powerful; weak.
Unpracticable,Impracticable; not feasible.
Unpractical,Not practical; impractical.
Unpraise,To withhold praise from; to deprive of praise.
Unprayable,Not to be influenced or moved by prayers; obdurate.
Unprayed,Not prayed for.
Unpreach,To undo or overthrow by preaching.
Unpredict,To retract or falsify a previous prediction.
Unprelated,Deposed from the office of prelate.
Unprevented,Not prevented or hindered; as  unprevented sorrows.
Unpriest,To deprive of priesthood; to unfrock.
Unprinciple,To destroy the moral principles of.
Unprison,To take or deliver from prison.
Unprizable,Not prized or valued; being without value.
Unprobably,Improbably.
Unproficiency,Want of proficiency or improvement.
Unprofit,Want of profit; unprofitableness.
Unprofited,Profitless.
Unpromise,To revoke or annul  as a promise.
Unprop,To remove a prop or props from; to deprive of support.
Unproper,Not proper or peculiar; improper.
Unproselyte,To convert or recover from the state of a proselyte.
Unprovide,To deprive of necessary provision; to unfurnish.
Unprovident,Improvident.
Unprudence,Imprudence.
Unprudent,Imprudent.
Unprudential,Imprudent.
Unpucker,To smooth away the puckers or wrinkles of.
Unpure,Not pure; impure.
Unpursed,Robbed of a purse  or of money.
Unqualify,To disqualify; to unfit.
Unqualitied,Deprived of the usual faculties.
Unqueen,To divest of the rank or authority of queen.
Unquestionable,Not questionable; as  an unquestionable title.
Unquestioned,Not called in question; not doubted.
Unquick,Not quick.
Unquiet,To disquiet.
Unquietude,Uneasiness; inquietude.
Unravelment,The act of unraveling  or the state of being unraveled.
Unrazored,Not shaven.
Unread,Not read or perused; as  an unread book.
Unreadiness,The quality or state of being unready.
Unready,Not ready or prepared; not prompt; slow; awkward; clumsy.
Unreal,Not real; unsubstantial; fanciful; ideal.
Unreality,The quality or state of being unreal; want of reality.
Unrealize,To make unreal; to idealize.
Unreally,In an unreal manner; ideally.
Unreason,Want of reason; unreasonableness; absurdity.
Unreasonable,Not reasonable; irrational; immoderate; exorbitant.
Unreasoned,Not supported by reason; unreasonable.
Unreave,To unwind; to disentangle; to loose.
Unreaved,Not torn  split or parted; not torn to pieces.
Unrebukable,Not deserving rebuke or censure; blameless.
Unrecuring,Incurable.
Unredeemed,Not redeemed.
Unreformation,Want of reformation; state of being unreformed.
Unregeneracy,The quality or state of being unregenerate.
Unregenerate,Alt. of Unregenerated
Unregeneration,Unregeneracy.
Unrein,To loosen the reins of; to remove restraint from.
Unrelenting,Not relenting; unyielding; rigid; hard; stern; cruel.
Unreliable,Not reliable; untrustworthy. See Reliable.
Unreligious,Irreligious.
Unremembrance,Want of remembrance; forgetfulness.
Unremorseless,Utterly remorseless.
Unrepentance,Impenitence.
Unreproachable,Not liable to be reproached; irreproachable.
Unreprievable,Not capable of being reprieved.
Unreproved,Not reproved.
Unreputable,Disreputable.
Unreserve,Absence of reverse; frankness; freedom of communication.
Unreserved,Not reserved; not kept back; not withheld in part; unrestrained.
Unresistance,Nonresistance; passive submission; irresistance.
Unresisted,Not resisted; unopposed.
Unresistible,Irresistible.
Unrespect,Disrespect.
Unresponsible,Irresponsible.
Unrestraint,Freedom from restraint; freedom; liberty; license.
Unresty,Causing unrest; disquieting; as  unresty sorrows.
Unrevenued,Not furnished with a revenue.
Unreverence,Absence or lack of reverence; irreverence.
Unreverend,Not reverend.
Unreverent,Irreverent.
Unreverently,Irreverently.
Unriddler,One who unriddles.
Unrig,To strip of rigging; as  to unrig a ship.
Unright,Not right; wrong.
Unrighteous,Not righteous; evil; wicked; sinful; as  an unrighteous man.
Unrightwise,Unrighteous.
Unringed,Not having a ring  as in the nose.
Unrioted,Free from rioting.
Unrip,To rip; to cut open.
Unripe,Not ripe; as  unripe fruit.
Unripeness,Quality or state of being unripe.
Unrivaled,Having no rival; without a competitor; peerless.
Unrobe,To disrobe; to undress; to take off the robes.
Un-Romanized,Not subjected to Roman arms or customs.
Unroof,To strip off the roof or covering of  as a house.
Unroofed,Stripped of a roof  or similar covering.
Unroost,To drive from the roost.
Unroot,To tear up by the roots; to eradicate; to uproot.
Unrude,Not rude; polished.
Unruffle,To cease from being ruffled or agitated.
Unruffled,Not ruffled or agitated; smooth; calm; tranquil; quiet.
Unruinate,Alt. of Unruinated
Unruinated,Not ruined or destroyed.
Unruled,Not governed or controlled.
Unruliment,Unruliness.
Unruliness,Quality or state unruly.
Unrumple,To free from rumples; to spread or lay even
Unsad,Unsteady; fickle.
Unsadden,To relieve from sadness; to cheer.
Unsaddle,To strip of a saddle; to take the saddle from  as a horse.
Unsadness,Infirmity; weakness.
Unsaint,To deprive of saintship; to deny sanctity to.
Unsaintly,Unbecoming to a saint.
Unsalable,Not salable; unmerchantable.
Unsanctification,Absence or lack of sanctification.
Unsatiability,Quality of being unsatiable; insatiability.
Unsatiable,Insatiable.
Unsatiate,Insatiate.
Unsatisfaction,Dissatisfaction.
Unsaturation,The quality or state of being unsaturated.
Unscale,To divest of scales; to remove scales from.
Unscapable,Not be escaped; inevitable.
Unsceptered,Alt. of Unsceptred
Unsceptred,Having no scepter.
Unscience,Want of science or knowledge; ignorance.
Unscrupulous,Not scrupulous; unprincipled.
Unscrutable,Inscrutable.
Unsoutcheoned,Destitute of an escutcheon.
Unseam,To open the seam or seams of; to rip; to cut; to cut open.
Unsearchable,Not searchable; inscrutable; hidden; mysterious.
Unseason,To make unseasoned; to deprive of seasoning.
Unseasoned,Not seasoned.
Unseat,To throw from one's seat; to deprive of a seat.
Unsecret,To disclose; to divulge.
Unsecure,Insecure.
Unseem,Not to seem.
Unseeming,Unbeseeming; not fit or becoming.
Unseemliness,The quality or state of being unseemly; unbecomingness.
Unseemly,Not seemly; unbecoming; indecent.
Unseen,Not seen or discovered.
Unseldom,Not seldom; frequently.
Unsely,Not blessed or happy; wretched; unfortunate.
Unseminared,Deprived of virility  or seminal energy; made a eunuch.
Unsensed,Wanting a distinct meaning; having no certain signification.
Unsensible,Insensible.
Unsensualize,To elevate from the domain of the senses; to purify.
Unseparable,Inseparable.
Unservice,Neglect of duty; idleness; indolence.
Unset,Not set; not fixed or appointed.
Unsettledness,The quality or state of being unsettled.
Unsettlement,The act of unsettling  or state of being unsettled; disturbance.
Unseven,To render other than seven; to make to be no longer seven.
Unsexed,of Unsex
Unsexing,of Unsex
Unsexual,Not sexual; not proper or peculiar to one of the sexes.
Unshakable,Not capable of being shaken; firm; fixed.
Unshaked,Unshaken.
Unshale,To strip the shale  or husk from; to uncover.
Unshaped,Alt. of Unshapen
Unshapen,Not shaped; shapeless; misshapen; deformed; ugly.
Unshed,Not parted or divided  as the hair.
Unshell,To strip the shell from; to take out of the shell; to hatch.
Unshelve,To remove from  or as from a shelf.
Unshent,Not shent; not disgraced; blameless.
Unsheriff,To depose from the office of sheriff.
Unshet,To unshut.
Unshiftable,That may /ot be shifted.
Unship,To take out of a ship or vessel; as  to unship goods.
Unshot,To remove the shot from  as from a shotted gun; to unload.
Unshout,To recall what is done by shouting.
Unshroud,To remove the shroud from; to uncover.
Unshrubbed,Being without shrubs.
Unshut,To open  or throw open.
Unshutter,To open or remove the shutters of.
Unsight,Doing or done without sight; not seeing or examining.
Unsightable,Invisible.
Unsighted,Not sighted  or seen.
Unsignificant,Insignificant.
Unsilly,See Unsely.
Unsimplicity,Absence of simplicity; artfulness.
Unsin,To deprive of sinfulness  as a sin; to make sinless.
Unsincere,Not sincere or pure; insincere.
Unsincerity,The quality or state of being unsincere or impure; insincerity.
Unsinew,To deprive of sinews or of strength.
Unsister,To separate  as sisters; to disjoin.
Unsisterly,Not sisterly.
Unsisting,Unresisting.
Unsitting,Not sitting well; unbecoming.
Unskill,Want of skill; ignorance; unskillfulness.
Unslacked,Not slacked; unslaked; as  unslacked lime.
Unslaked,Not slaked; unslacked; as  an unslaked thirst; unslaked lime.
Unsociability,The quality or state of being unsociable; unsociableness.
Unsocket,To loose or take from a socket.
Unsoft,Not soft; hard; coarse; rough.
Unsoldiered,Not equipped like a soldier; unsoldierlike.
Unsolemnize,To divest of solemnity.
Unsonable,Incapable of being sounded.
Unsonsy,Not soncy (sonsy); not fortunate.
Unsoot,Not sweet.
Unsophisticate,Alt. of Unsophisticated
Unsophisticated,Not sophisticated; pure; innocent; genuine.
Unsorrowed,Not sorrowed for; unlamented.
Unsorted,Not sorted; not classified; as  a lot of unsorted goods.
Unsoul,To deprive of soul  spirit or principle.
Unsound,Not sound; not whole; not solid; defective; infirm; diseased.
Unspar,To take the spars  stakes or bars from.
Unsparing,Not sparing; not parsimonious; liberal; profuse.
Unspeak,To retract  as what has been spoken; to recant; to unsay.
Unsped,Not performed; not dispatched.
Unsphere,To remove  as a planet from its sphere or orb.
Unspike,To remove a spike from  as from the vent of a cannon.
Unspilt,Not spilt or wasted; not shed.
Unspin,To untwist  as something spun.
Unspirit,To dispirit.
Unspiritalize,To deprive of spiritually.
Unspleened,Deprived of a spleen.
Unsquire,To divest of the title or privilege of an esquire.
Unstarch,To free from starch; to make limp or pliable.
Unstate,To deprive of state or dignity.
Unsteel,To disarm; to soften.
Unstep,To remove  as a mast from its step.
Unstick,To release  as one thing stuck to another.
Unstill,Not still; restless.
Unsting,To disarm of a sting; to remove the sting of.
Unstockinged,Destitute of stockings.
Unstrain,To relieve from a strain; to relax.
Unstrength,Want of strength; weakness; feebleness.
Unstriated,Nonstriated; unstriped.
Unstriped,Not striped.
Unstudied,Not studied; not acquired by study; unlabored; natural.
Unsubstantial,Lacking in matter or substance; visionary; chimerical.
Unsubstantialize,To make unsubstantial.
Unsubstantiation,A divesting of substantiality.
Unsucceedable,Not able or likely to succeed.
Unsuccess,Want of success; failure; misfortune.
Unsufferable,Insufferable.
Unsuffering,Inability or incapability of enduring  or of being endured.
Unsufficience,Alt. of Unsufficiency
Unsufficiency,Insufficiency.
Unsufficient,Insufficient.
Unsuit,Not to suit; to be unfit for.
Unsupportable,Insupportable; unendurable.
Unsured,Not made sure.
Unsurety,Want of surety; uncertainty; insecurity; doubt.
Unsurmountable,Insurmountable.
Unsuspicion,The quality or state of being unsuspecting.
Unswaddle,To take a swaddle from; to unswathe.
Unswathe,To take a swathe from; to relieve from a bandage; to unswaddle.
Unswayable,Not capable of being swayed.
Unswell,To sink from a swollen state; to subside.
Unsymmetrical,Wanting in symmetry  or due proportion pf parts.
Unsymmetrically,Not symmetrically.
Unsympathy,Absence or lack of sympathy.
Untack,To separate  as what is tacked; to disjoin; to release.
Untackle,To unbitch; to unharness.
Untalked,Not talked; not mentioned; -- often with of.
Untangibility,Intangibility.
Untangible,Intangible.
Untangibly,Intangibly.
Untappice,to come out of concealment.
Untaste,To deprive of a taste for a thing.
Unteam,To unyoke a team from.
Untemperate,Intemperate.
Untemperately,Intemperately.
Untempter,One who does not tempt  or is not a tempter.
Untenant,To remove a tenant from.
Untent,To bring out of a tent.
Untented,Having no tent or tents  as a soldier or a field.
Unthank,No thanks; ill will; misfortune.
Unthink,To recall or take back  as something thought.
Unthinker,A person who does not think  or does not think wisely.
Unthread,To draw or take out a thread from; as  to unthread a needle.
Untrift,Want of thrift; untriftiness; prodigality.
Unthrift,Unthrifty.
Unthriftfully,Not thriftily.
Unthriftihead,Alt. of Unthriftihood
Unthriftihood,Untriftiness.
Unthriftily,Not thriftily.
Unthrifty,Not thrifty; profuse.
Unthrone,To remove from  or as from a throne; to dethrone.
Untidy,Unseasonable; untimely.
Untighten,To make less tight or tense; to loosen.
Until,To; unto; towards; -- used of material objects.
Untile,To take the tiles from; to uncover by removing the tiles.
Untime,An unseasonable time.
Untimeliness,Unseasonableness.
Untimeous,Untimely.
Untimeously,Untimely; unseasonably.
Untithed,Not subjected tithes.
Untold,Not told; not related; not revealed; as  untold secrets.
Untolerable,Intolerable.
Untomb,To take from the tomb; to exhume; to disinter.
Untongue,To deprive of a tongue  or of voice.
Untooth,To take out the teeth of.
Untoward,Toward.
Untowardly,Perverse; froward; untoward.
Untraded,Not dealt with in trade; not visited for purposes of trade.
Untrained,Not trained.
Untrammeled,Not hampered or impeded; free.
Untread,To tread back; to retrace.
Untreasure,To bring forth or give up  as things previously treasured.
Untreasured,Deprived of treasure.
Untreatable,Incapable of being treated; not practicable.
Untrenched,Being without trenches; whole; intact.
Untressed,Not tied up in tresses; unarranged; -- said of the hair.
Untrowable,Incredible.
Untrue,Not true; false; contrary to the fact; as  the story is untrue.
Untruism,Something not true; a false statement.
Untrunked,Separated from its trunk or stock.
Untrust,Distrust.
Untrustful,Not trustful or trusting.
Untruthful,Not truthful; unveracious; contrary to the truth or the fact.
Untuck,To unfold or undo  as a tuck; to release from a tuck or fold.
Unturned,Not turned; not revolved or reversed.
Untwain,To rend in twain; to tear in two.
Untwirl,To untwist; to undo.
Unty,To untie.
Unusage,Want or lack of usage.
Unused,Not used; as  an unused book; an unused apartment.
Unusuality,Unusualness.
Unvail,See Unveil.
Unvaluable,Invaluable; being beyond price.
Unvariable,Invariable.
Unveiler,One who removes a veil.
Unveracity,Want of veracity; untruthfulness; as  unveracity of heart.
Unvessel,To cause to be no longer a vessel; to empty.
Unvicar,To deprive of the position or office a vicar.
Unviolable,Inviolable.
Unvisard,To take the vizard or mask from; to unmask.
Unvisible,Invisible.
Unvisibly,Invisibly.
Unvitiated,Not vitiated; pure.
Unvoluntary,Involuntary.
Unvote,To reverse or annul by vote  as a former vote.
Unvoweled,Having no vowel sounds or signs.
Unvulgarize,To divest of vulgarity; to make to be not vulgar.
Unvulnerable,Invulnerable.
Unware,Unaware; not foreseeing; being off one's guard.
Unwares,Unawares; unexpectedly; -- sometimes preceded by at.
Unwarily,In an unwary manner.
Unwarm,To lose warmth; to grow cold.
Unwarp,To restore from a warped state; to cause to be linger warped.
Unwarped,Not warped; hence  not biased; impartial.
Unwashed,Not washed or cleansed; filthy; unclean.
Unwashen,Not washed.
Unwayed,Not used to travel; as  colts that are unwayed.
Unweary,To cause to cease being weary; to refresh.
Unweave,To unfold; to undo; to ravel  as what has been woven.
Unwedgeable,Not to be split with wedges.
Unweeting,Unwitting.
Unweighing,Not weighing or pondering; inconsiderate.
Unweld,Alt. of Unweldy
Unweldy,Unwieldy; unmanageable; clumsy.
Unwell,Not well; indisposed; not in good health; somewhat ill; ailing.
Unwellness,Quality or state of being unwell.
Unwemmed,Not blemished; undefiled; pure.
Unwhole,Not whole; unsound.
Unwieldy,Not easily wielded or carried; unmanageable; bulky; ponderous.
Unwild,To tame; to subdue.
Unwill,To annul or reverse by an act of the will.
Unwilled,Deprived of the faculty of will or volition.
Unwisely,In an unwise manner; foolishly.
Unwish,To wish not to be; to destroy by wishing.
Unwist,Not known; unknown.
Unwit,To deprive of wit.
Unwitch,To free from a witch or witches; to fee from witchcraft.
Unwitting,Not knowing; unconscious; ignorant.
Unwoman,To deprive of the qualities of a woman; to unsex.
Unwont,Unwonted; unused; unaccustomed.
Unwork,To undo or destroy  as work previously done.
Unworldly,Not worldly; spiritual; holy.
Unworship,To deprive of worship or due honor; to dishonor.
Unworth,Unworthy.
Unwrap,To open or undo  as what is wrapped or folded.
Unwray,See Unwrie.
Unwreathe,To untwist  uncoil or untwine as anything wreathed.
Unwrie,To uncover.
Unwrinkle,To reduce from a wrinkled state; to smooth.
Unwrite,To cancel  as what is written; to erase.
Unwroken,Not revenged; unavenged.
Unyoke,To loose or free from a yoke.
Unyoked,Not yet yoked; not having worn the yoke.
Unyolden,Not yielded.
Unzoned,Not zoned; not bound with a girdle; as  an unzoned bosom.
Upbar,To fasten with a bar.
Upbind,To bind up.
Upblow,To inflate.
Upbraided,of Upbraid
Upbraiding,of Upbraid
Upbreak,To break upwards; to force away or passage to the surface.
Upbreathe,To breathe up or out; to exhale.
Upbreed,To rear  or bring up; to nurse.
Upbrought,Brought up; educated.
Upbuoyance,The act of buoying up; uplifting.
Upcast,Cast up; thrown upward; as  with upcast eyes.
Upcaught,Seized or caught up.
Upcheer,To cheer up.
Upclimb,To climb up; to ascend.
Upcoil,To coil up; to make into a coil  or to be made into a coil.
Upcountry,In an upcountry direction; as  to live upcountry.
Upcurl,To curl up.
Updive,To spring upward; to rise.
Updraw,To draw up.
Upend,To end up; to set on end  as a cask.
Upeygan,The borele.
Upfill,To fill up.
Upflow,To flow or stream up.
Upflung,Flung or thrown up.
Upgather,To gather up; to contract; to draw together.
Upgaze,To gaze upward.
Upgive,To give up or out.
Upgrow,To grow up.
Upgrowth,The process or result of growing up; progress; development.
Upgush,A gushing upward.
Uphaf,imp. of Upheave.
Uphand,Lifted by the hand  or by both hands; as the uphand sledge.
Uphang,To hang up.
Uphasp,To hasp or faster up; to close; as  sleep uphasps the eyes.
Upheaped,Piled up; accumulated.
Upheave,To heave or lift up from beneath; to raise.
Upheld,imp. & p. p. of Uphold.
Uphill,Upwards on  or as on a hillside; as to walk uphill.
Uphoard,To hoard up.
Uphold,To hold up; to lift on high; to elevate.
Upholder,A broker or auctioneer; a tradesman.
Uphroe,Same as Euphroe.
Uplander,One dwelling in the upland; hence  a countryman; a rustic.
Uplandish,Of or pertaining to uplands; dwelling on high lands.
Uplay,To hoard.
Uplead,To lead upward.
Uplean,To lean or incline upon anything.
Uplifting,of Uplift
Uplock,To lock up.
Uplook,To look or gaze up.
Upmost,Highest; topmost; uppermost.
Uppent,A Pent up; confined.
Uppile,To pile  or heap up.
Uppish,Proud; arrogant; assuming; putting on airs of superiority.
Upplight,imp. & p. p. of Uppluck.
Uppluck,To pull or pluck up.
Uppricked,Upraised; erect; -- said of the ears of an animal.
Upprop,To prop up.
Upraise,To raise; to lift up.
Uprear,To raise; to erect.
Upridged,Raised up in a ridge or ridges; as  a billow upridged.
Uprighteously,In an upright or just manner.
Uprightly,In an upright manner.
Uprightness,the quality or state of being upright.
Uprise,To rise; to get up; to appear from below the horizon.
Uprising,Act of rising; also  a steep place; an ascent.
Uprist,Uprising.
Uproll,To roll up.
Uprouse,To rouse up; to rouse from sleep; to awake; to arouse.
Uprun,To run up; to ascend.
Uprush,To rush upward.
Upsarokas,See Crows.
Upseek,To seek or strain upward.
Upsend,To send  cast or throw up.
Upset,To set up; to put upright.
Upsetting,Conceited; assuming; as  an upsetting fellow.
Upshoot,To shoot upward.
Upside,The upper side; the part that is uppermost.
Upsidown,See Upsodown.
Upskip,An upstart.
Upsnatch,To snatch up.
Upsoar,To soar or mount up.
Upsodown,Upside down.
Upspear,To grow or shoot up like a spear; as  upspearing grass.
Upspring,To spring up.
Upspurner,A spurner or contemner; a despiser; a scoffer.
Upstairs,Up the stairs; in or toward an upper story.
Upstand,To stand up; to be erected; to rise.
Upstare,To stare or stand upward; hence  to be uplifted or conspicuous.
Upstart,To start or spring up suddenly.
Upstay,To sustain; to support.
Upsterte,imp. & p. p. of Upstart.
Upstir,Insurrection; commotion; disturbance.
Upstream,Toward the higher part of a stream; against the current.
Upstreet,Toward the higher part of a street; as  to walk upstreet.
Upswarm,To rise  or cause to rise in a swarm or swarms.
Upsway,To sway or swing aloft; as  to upsway a club.
Upswell,To swell or rise up.
Upsyturvy,Upside down; topsy-turvy.
Uptails all,An old game at cards.
Uptake,To take into the hand; to take up; to help.
Uptear,To tear up.
Upthrow,To throw up.
Upthunder,To send up a noise like thunder.
Uptie,To tie up.
Uptill,To; against.
Uptown,To or in the upper part of a town; as  to go uptown.
Uptrace,To trace up or out.
Uptrain,To train up; to educate.
Upupa,A genus of birds which includes the common hoopoe.
Upwaft,To waft upward.
Upward,Alt. of Upwards
Upwind,To wind up.
Upwreath,To rise with a curling motion; to curl upward  as smoke.
Upyat,imp. of Upgive.
Ur,Alt. of Ure
Ure,The urus.
Uraemic,Of or pertaining to uraemia; as  uraemic convulsions.
Uraeum,The posterior half of an animal.
Urali,See Curare.
Uralian,Alt. of Uralic
Uralic,Of or relating to the Ural Mountains.
Uralitization,The change of pyroxene to amphibole by paramorphism.
Uramil,Murexan.
Uranate,A salt of uranic acid.
Uranian,Of or pertaining to the planet Uranus; as  the Uranian year.
Uranic,Of or pertaining to the heavens; celestial; astronomical.
Uraniscoplasty,The process of forming an artificial palate.
Uraniscoraphy,Alt. of Uraniscorrhaphy
Uraniscorrhaphy,Suture of the palate. See Staphyloraphy.
Uranitic,Of or pertaining to uranium; containing uranium.
Uran-ocher,Alt. of Uran-ochre
Uranographic,Alt. of Uranographical
Uranographical,Of or pertaining to uranography; as  an uranographic treatise.
Uranographist,One practiced in uranography.
Uranolite,A meteorite or aerolite.
Uranometria,A uranometry.
Uranoplasty,The plastic operation for closing a fissure in the hard palate.
Uranoscopy,Observation of the heavens or heavenly bodies.
Uran-utan,The orang-utang
Urao,See Trona.
Urare,Alt. of Urari
Urari,See Curare.
Urate,A salt of uric acid; as  sodium urate; ammonium urate.
Uratic,Of or containing urates; as  uratic calculi.
Urban,Of or belonging to a city or town; as  an urban population.
Urbane,Courteous in manners; polite; refined; elegant.
Urbaniste,A large and delicious pear or Flemish origin.
Urbanize,To render urban  or urbane; to refine; to polish.
Urbicolous,Of or pertaining to a city; urban.
Urceolar,Urceolate.
Urceoli,of Urceolus
Urceolus,Any urn-shaped organ of a plant.
Urchin,A hedgehog.
Urchon,The urchin  or hedgehog.
Urdu,The language more generally called Hindustanee.
Ureteritis,Inflammation of the ureter.
Urethral,Of or pertaining to the urethra.
Urethritis,Inflammation of the urethra.
Urethroscope,An instrument for viewing the interior of the urethra.
Urethroscopy,Examination of the urethra by means of the urethroscope.
Urethrotome,An instrument for cutting a urethral stricture.
Urged,of Urge
Urging,of Urge
Urge,To press; to push; to drive; to impel; to force onward.
Urgence,Urgency.
Urgently,In an urgent manner.
Urger,One who urges.
Uric,Of or pertaining to urine; obtained from urine; as  uric acid.
Urinarium,A reservoir for urine  etc. for manure.
Urinate,To discharge urine; to make water.
Urination,The act or process of voiding urine; micturition.
Urinative,Provoking the flow of urine; uretic; diuretic.
Uriniferous,Bearing or conveying urine; as  uriniferous tubules.
Urinose,Alt. of Urinous
Urith,The bindings of a hedge.
Urnal,Of or pertaining to an urn; effected by an urn or urns.
Urnfuls,of Urnful
Urnful,As much as an urn will hold; enough to fill an urn.
Uro-,A combining form fr. Gr. o'y^ron  urine.
Urochorda,Same as Tunicata.
Urochordal,Of or pertaining to the Urochorda.
Urochs,See Aurochs.
Urocord,See Urochord.
Urocyst,The urinary bladder.
Urodele,One of the Urodela.
Urodelian,Of or pertaining to the Urodela.
Urogenital,Same as Urinogenital.
Urology,See Uronology.
Uromere,Any one of the abdominal segments of an arthropod.
Uronology,That part of medicine which treats of urine.
Uropodal,Of or pertaining to a uropod.
Uropoetic,Producing  or favoring the production of urine.
Uroscopy,The diagnosis of diseases by inspection of urine.
Urosome,The abdomen  or post-abdomen of arthropods.
Urostege,One of the plates on the under side of the tail of a serpent.
Urostea,of Urosteon
Urosteons,of Urosteon
Urox,The aurochs.
Uroxanate,A salt of uroxanic acid.
Uroxanthin,Same as Indican.
Urry,A sort of blue or black clay lying near a vein of coal.
Ursa,Either one of the Bears. See the Phrases below.
Ursal,The ursine seal. See the Note under 1st Seal.
Ursiform,Having the shape of a bear.
Ursine,Of or pertaining to a bear; resembling a bear.
Urson,The Canada porcupine. See Porcupine.
Ursuk,The bearded seal.
Ursus,A genus of Carnivora including the common bears.
Urtica,A genus of plants including the common nettles. See Nettle  n.
Urticated,of Urticate
Urticating,of Urticate
Urticate,To sting with  or as with nettles; to irritate; to annoy.
Usable,Capable of being used.
Usager,One who has the use of anything in trust for another.
Usance,Use; usage; employment.
Usant,Using; accustomed.
Usbegs,Alt. of Usbeks
Used,of Use
Using,of Use
Usefully,In a useful manner.
User,One who uses.
Ushered,of Usher
Ushering,of Usher
Usherance,The act of ushering  or the state of being ushered in.
Usherless,Destitute of an usher.
Ushership,The office of an usher; usherdom.
Usitative,Denoting usual or customary action.
Usself,Ourselves.
Ustion,The act of burning  or the state of being burned.
Ustorious,Having the quality of burning.
Ustulate,Blackened as if burned.
Ustulation,The act of burning or searing.
Usurarious,Alt. of Usurary
Usurary,Usurious.
Usured,of Usure
Usuring,of Usure
Usure,To practice usury; to charge unlawful interest.
Usurer,One who lends money and takes interest for it; a money lender.
Usurped,of Usurp
Usurping,of Usurp
Usurpant,Usurping; encroaching.
Usurpatory,Marked by usurpation; usurping.
Usurpature,Usurpation.
Usurpingly,In a usurping manner.
Uterine,Of or instrument to the uterus  or womb.
Uterogestation,Gestation in the womb from conception to birth; pregnancy.
Uterovaginal,Pertaining to both the uterus and the vagina.
Utile,Profitable; useful.
Utilization,The act of utilizing  or the state of being utilized.
Utilized,of Utilize
Utilizing,of Utilize
Utis,See Utas.
Utlary,Outlawry.
Utopianist,An Utopian; an optimist.
Utopical,Utopian; ideal.
Utopist,A Utopian.
Utricle,A little sac or vesicle  as the air cell of fucus or seaweed.
Utricularia,A genus of aquatic flowering plants
Utriculoid,Resembling a bladder; utricular; utriculate.
Utter,Outer.
Uttered,of Utter
Uttering,of Utter
Utterable,Capable of being uttered.
Utterance,The act of uttering.
Utterer,One who utters.
Utterest,Uttermost.
Utterless,Incapable of being uttered.
Uttermore,Further; outer; utter.
Uvate,A conserve made of grapes.
Uva-ursi,The bearberry.
Uveous,Resembling a grape.
Uvrou,See Euphroe.
Uvular,Of or pertaining to a uvula.
Uvulatome,An instrument for removing the uvula.
Uvulatomy,The operation of removing the uvula.
Uwarowite,Ouvarovite.
Uxoricidal,Of or pertaining to uxoricide; tending to uxoricide.
Uxoricide,The murder of a wife by her husband.
Uzema,A Burman measure of twelve miles.
Vaagmer,The dealfish.
Vacancies,of Vacancy
Vacant,Deprived of contents; not filled; empty; as  a vacant room.
Vacantly,In a vacant manner; inanely.
Vacated,of Vacate
Vacating,of Vacate
Vaccary,A cow house  dairy house or cow pasture.
Vaccina,Vaccinia.
Vaccinal,Of or pertaining to vaccinia or vaccination.
Vaccinated,of Vaccinate
Vaccinating,of Vaccinate
Vaccinator,One who  or that which vaccinates.
Vaccinia,Cowpox; vaccina. See Cowpox.
Vaccinist,A vaccinator.
Vacher,A keeper of stock or cattle; a herdsman.
Vachery,An inclosure for cows.
Vacillancy,The quality or state of being vacillant  or wavering.
Vacillant,Vacillating; wavering; fluctuating; irresolute.
Vacillated,of Vacillate
Vacillating,of Vacillate
Vacillate,To move one way and the other; to reel or stagger; to waver.
Vacillatory,Inclined to vacillate; wavering; irresolute.
Vacuate,To make void  or empty.
Vacuation,The act of emptying; evacuation.
Vacuolated,Full of vacuoles  or small air cavities; as vacuolated cells.
Vacuolation,Formation into  or multiplication of vacuoles.
Vacuous,Empty; unfilled; void; vacant.
Vacuousness,The quality or state of being vacuous; emptiness; vacuity.
Vacuums,of Vacuum
Vacua,of Vacuum
Vade,To fade; hence  to vanish.
Vadimony,A bond or pledge for appearance before a judge on a certain day.
Vadium,Pledge; security; bail. See Mortgage.
Vae,See Voe.
Vafrous,Crafty; cunning; sly; as  vafrous tricks.
Vagabondism,Vagabondage.
Vagabondize,To play the vagabond; to wander about in idleness.
Vagabondry,Vagabondage.
Vagancy,A wandering; vagrancy.
Vagaries,of Vagary
Vagary,A wandering or strolling.
Vagient,Crying like a child.
Vaginae,of Vagina
Vagina,A sheath; a theca; as  the vagina of the portal vein.
Vaginant,Serving to in invest  or sheathe; sheathing.
Vaginate,Alt. of Vaginated
Vaginati,A tribe of birds comprising the sheathbills.
Vaginervose,Having the nerves  or veins placed in apparent disorder.
Vaginopennous,Having elytra; sheath-winged.
Vaginule,A vaginula.
Vagissate,To caper or frolic.
Vagous,Wandering; unsettled.
Vagrant,Moving without certain direction; wandering; erratic; unsettled.
Vagrantly,In a vagrant manner.
Vagrantness,State of being vagrant; vagrancy.
Vague,Wandering; vagrant; vagabond.
Vaguely,In a vague manner.
Vagueness,The quality or state of being vague.
Vagus,Wandering; -- applied especially to the pneumogastric nerve.
Vail,Same as Veil.
Vailer,One who vails.
Vaimure,An outer  or exterior. wall. See Vauntmure.
Vainglorious,Feeling or indicating vainglory; elated by vanity; boastful.
Vainly,In a vain manner; in vain.
Vainness,The quality or state of being vain.
Vaishnava,A worshiper of the god Vishnu in any of his incarnations.
Vaishnavism,The worship of Vishnu.
Vaivode,See Waywode.
Vakeel,A native attorney or agent; also  an ambassador.
Valanced,of Valance
Valancing,of Valance
Vale,A tract of low ground  or of land between hills; a valley.
Valediction,A farewell; a bidding farewell.
Valedictories,of Valedictory
Valencies,of Valency
Valency,See Valence.
Valentia,See Valencia.
Valentine,A sweetheart chosen on St. Valentine's Day.
Valerate,A salt of valeric acid.
Valerianate,A valerate.
Valerone,A ketone of valeric acid obtained as an oily liquid.
Valerylene,A liquid hydrocarbon  C5H8; -- called also pentine.
Valetudinary,Infirm; sickly; valetudinarian.
Valetudinous,Valetudinarian.
Valiance,Alt. of Valiancy
Valiancy,The quality or state of being valiant; bravery; valor.
Valiant,Vigorous in body; strong; powerful; as  a valiant fencer.
Valid,Strong; powerful; efficient.
Validate,To confirm; to render valid; to give legal force to.
Validation,The act of giving validity.
Validly,In a valid manner; so as to be valid.
Validness,The quality or state of being valid.
Valinch,A tube for drawing liquors from a cask by the bunghole.
Valkyrian,Of or pertaining to the Valkyrias; hence  relating to battle.
Vallancy,A large wig that shades the face.
Vallar,Of or pertaining to a rampart.
Vallary,Same as Vallar.
Vallation,A rampart or intrenchment.
Valleculae,of Vallecula
Valleys,of Valley
Valla,of Vallum
Vallums,of Vallum
Vallum,A rampart; a wall  as in a fortification.
Valor,Value; worth.
Valuableness,The quality of being valuable.
Valuably,So as to be of value.
Valuator,One who assesses  or sets a value on anything; an appraiser.
Valued,of Value
Valuing,of Value
Valueless,Being of no value; having no worth.
Valuer,One who values; an appraiser.
Valure,Value.
Valvasor,See Vavasor.
Valved,Having a valve or valve; valvate.
Valve-shell,Any fresh-water gastropod of the genus Valvata.
Valvulae,of Valvula
Valvula,A little valve or fold; a valvelet; a valvule.
Valvule,A little valve; a valvelet.
Vamose,To depart quickly; to depart from.
Vamp,To advance; to travel.
Vamped,of Vamp
Vamping,of Vamp
Vampirism,Belief in the existence of vampires.
Vamure,See Vauntmure.
Vanadate,A salt of vanadic acid.
Vanadite,A salt of vanadious acid  analogous to a nitrite or a phosphite.
Van-courier,One sent in advance; an avant-courier; a precursor.
Vanessian,A vanessa.
Vang,A rope to steady the peak of a gaff.
Vanillate,A salt of vanillic acid.
Vanilloes,An inferior kind of vanilla  the pods of Vanilla Pompona.
Vanillyl,The hypothetical radical characteristic of vanillic alcohol.
Vaniloquence,Vain or foolish talk.
Vanished,of Vanish
Vanishing,of Vanish
Vanishment,A vanishing.
Vanities,of Vanity
Vanner,A machine for concentrating ore. See Frue vanner.
Vanner hawk,The kestrel.
Vanning,A process by which ores are washed on a shovel  or in a vanner.
Vanquished,of Vanquish
Vanquishing,of Vanquish
Vanquish,To conquer  overcome or subdue in battle as an enemy.
Vanquishable,That may be vanquished.
Vanquisher,One who  or that which vanquishes.
Vanquishment,The act of vanquishing  or the state of being vanquished.
Vant,See Vaunt.
Vantbrace,Alt. of Vantbrass
Vantbrass,Armor for the arm; vambrace.
Vant-courier,An avant-courier. See Van-courier.
Vanward,Being on  or towards the van or front.
Vapidity,The quality or state of being vapid; vapidness.
Vapored,of Vapor
Vaporing,of Vapor
Vaporability,The quality or state of being vaporable.
Vaporate,To emit vapor; to evaporate.
Vaporer,One who vapors; a braggart.
Vaporiferous,Conveying or producing vapor.
Vaporish,Full of vapors; vaporous.
Vaporizable,Capable of being vaporized into vapor.
Vaporized,of Vaporize
Vaporizing,of Vaporize
Vaporizer,One who  or that which vaporizes or converts into vapor.
Vaporose,Full of vapor; vaporous.
Vaporous,Having the form or nature of vapor.
Vaporousness,The quality of being vaporous.
Vapory,Full of vapors; vaporous.
Vapulation,The act of beating or whipping.
Vaquero,One who has charge of cattle  horses etc.; a herdsman.
Varan,The monitor. See Monitor  3.
Vare,A wand or staff of authority or justice.
Variability,The quality or state of being variable; variableness.
Variableness,The quality or state of being variable; variability.
Variably,In a variable manner.
Variate,To alter; to make different; to vary.
Varicella,Chicken pox.
Varices,See Varix.
Variciform,Resembling a varix.
Varicosity,The quality or state of being varicose.
Varicous,Varicose.
Variegated,of Variegate
Variegating,of Variegate
Varier,A wanderer; one who strays in search of variety.
Varieties,of Variety
Variform,Having different shapes or forms.
Variformed,Formed with different shapes; having various forms; variform.
Varify,To make different; to vary; to variegate.
Variola,The smallpox.
Variolar,Variolous.
Variolation,Inoculation with smallpox.
Variolic,Variolous.
Variolitic,Thickly marked with small  round specks; spotted.
Varioloid,Resembling smallpox; pertaining to the disease called varioloid.
Variously,In various or different ways.
Varix,A uneven  permanent dilatation of a vein.
Vark,The bush hog  or boshvark.
Varletry,The rabble; the crowd; the mob.
Varnished,of Varnish
Varnishing,of Varnish
Varnisher,One who varnishes; one whose occupation is to varnish.
Varvel,In falconry  one of the rings secured to the ends of the jesses.
Varveled,Having varvels  or rings.
Varying,of Vary
Vasa,of Vas
Vas,A vessel; a duct.
Vasa deferentia,of Vas
Vascularities,of Vascularity
Vascularity,The quality or state of being vascular.
Vascula,of Vasculum
Vasculum,Same as Ascidium  n. 1.
Vase-shaped,Formed like a vase  or like a common flowerpot.
Vasiform,Having the form of a vessel  or duct.
Vaso-inhibitory,See Vasodilator.
Vassalage,The state of being a vassal  or feudatory.
Vassaless,A female vassal.
Vassalry,The body of vassals.
Vast,Waste; desert; desolate; lonely.
Vastation,A laying waste; waste; depopulation; devastation.
Vastel,See Wastel.
Vastidity,Vastness; immensity.
Vastitude,Vastness; immense extent.
Vastity,Vastness.
Vastly,To a vast extent or degree; very greatly; immensely.
Vastness,The quality or state of being vast.
Vasty,Vast; immense.
Vatted,of Vat
Vatting,of Vat
Vatfuls,of Vatful
Vatful,As much as a vat will hold; enough to fill a vat.
Vatical,Of or pertaining to a prophet; prophetical.
Vaticide,The murder  or the murderer of a prophet.
Vaticinal,Of or pertaining to prophecy; prophetic.
Vaticination,Prediction; prophecy.
Vaticinator,One who vaticinates; a prophet.
Vaticine,A prediction; a vaticination.
Vaudois,An inhabitant  or the inhabitants of the Swiss canton of Vaud.
Vaudoux,See Voodoo.
Vault,An arched structure of masonry  forming a ceiling or canopy.
Vaulted,of Vault
Vaulting,of Vault
Vaultage,Vaulted work; also  a vaulted place; an arched cellar.
Vaulter,One who vaults; a leaper; a tumbler.
Vaulty,Arched; concave.
Vaunce,To advance.
Vaunted,of Vaunt
Vaunting,of Vaunt
Vaunt-courier,See Van-courier.
Vaunter,One who vaunts; a boaster.
Vauntingly,In a vaunting manner.
Vauntmure,A false wall; a work raised in front of the main wall.
Vauquelinite,Chromate of copper and lead  of various shades of green.
Vaut,To vault; to leap.
Vauty,Vaulted.
Vaward,The fore part; van.
Veal,The flesh of a calf when killed and used for food.
Vection,Vectitation.
Vectitation,The act of carrying  or state of being carried.
Vector,Same as Radius vector.
Vecture,The act of carrying; conveyance; carriage.
Vedantic,Of or pertaining to the Vedas.
Vedantist,One versed in the doctrines of the Vedantas.
Veered,of Veer
Veering,of Veer
Vegetability,The quality or state of being vegetable.
Vegetality,The quality or state of being vegetal  or vegetable.
Vegetarianism,The theory or practice of living upon vegetables and fruits.
Vegetated,of Vegetate
Vegetating,of Vegetate
Vegete,Lively; active; sprightly; vigorous.
Vegetive,Having the nature of a plant; vegetable; as  vegetive life.
Vegetous,Vigorous; lively; active; vegete.
Vehemency,Vehemence.
Vehemently,In a vehement manner.
Vehicled,Conveyed in a vehicle; furnished with a vehicle.
Vehiculary,Vehicular.
Vehiculate,To convey by means of a vehicle; to ride in a vehicle.
Vehiculation,Movement of vehicles.
Vehiculatory,Vehicular.
Veiled,of Veil
Veiling,of Veil
Veilless,Having no veil.
Veined,of Vein
Veining,of Vein
Veinal,Pertaining to veins; venous.
Veinless,Having no veins; as  a veinless leaf.
Veinlet,A small vein.
Veinous,Marked with veins; veined; veiny.
Veiny,Full of veins; veinous; veined; as  veiny marble.
Velaria,of Velarium
Velate,Having a veil; veiled.
Vele,A veil.
Veliferous,Carrying or bearing sails.
Velitation,A dispute or contest; a slight contest; a skirmish.
Velivolant,Flying with sails; passing under full sail.
Velleity,The lowest degree of desire; imperfect or incomplete volition.
Vellet,Velvet.
Vellicated,of Vellicate
Vellicating,of Vellicate
Vellicate,To twitch; to cause to twitch convulsively.
Vellication,The act of twitching  or of causing to twitch.
Vellumy,Resembling vellum.
Velecipedist,One who rides on a velocipede.
Velocities,of Velocity
Velours,One of many textile fabrics having a pile like that of velvet.
Veltfare,The fieldfare.
Vela,of Velum
Velure,Velvet.
Velverd,The veltfare.
Velveret,A kind of velvet having cotton back.
Velvetbreast,The goosander.
Velveting,The fine shag or nap of velvet; a piece of velvet; velvet goods.
Velvety,Made of velvet  or like velvet; soft; smooth; delicate.
Venae,of Vena
Vena,A vein.
Venae cavae,of Vena
VenAe portae,of Vena
Venada,The pudu.
Venal,Of or pertaining to veins; venous; as  venal blood.
Venally,In a venal manner.
Venantes,The hunting spiders  which run after or leap upon their prey.
Venary,Of or  pertaining to hunting.
Venatic,Alt. of Venatical
Venatical,Of or pertaining to hunting; used in hunting.
Venatica,See Vinatico.
Venatorial,Or or pertaining to hunting; venatic.
Vended,of Vend
Vending,of Vend
Vendetta,A blood feud; private revenge for the murder of a kinsman.
Vendibility,The quality or state of being vendible  or salable.
Vendible,Capable of being vended  or sold; that may be sold; salable.
Venditate,To cry up. as if for sale; to blazon.
Venditation,The act of setting forth ostentatiously; a boastful display.
Vendition,The act of vending  or selling; sale.
Vendor,A vender; a seller; the correlative of vendee.
Vends,See Wends.
Veneered,of Veneer
Veneering,of Veneer
Venefical,Veneficial.
Venefice,The act or practice of poisoning.
Veneficial,Alt. of Veneficious
Veneficious,Acting by poison; used in poisoning or in sorcery.
Venemous,Venomous.
Venenate,To poison; to infect with poison.
Vennation,The act of poisoning.
Venene,Poisonous; venomous.
Venenose,Poisonous.
Venerability,The quality or state of being venerable; venerableness.
Venerated,of Venerate
Venerating,of Venerate
Venerator,One who venerates.
Venerean,Devoted to the offices of Venus  or love; venereal.
Venereous,Venereal; exciting lust; aphrodisiac.
Venerous,Venereous.
Venery,Sexual love; sexual intercourse; coition.
Venetian,Of or pertaining to Venice in Italy.
Venew,A bout  or turn as at fencing; a thrust; a hit; a veney.
Veney,A bout; a thrust; a venew.
Venge,To avenge; to punish; to revenge.
Vengeable,Revengeful; deserving revenge.
Vengeancely,Extremely; excessively.
Vengeful,Vindictive; retributive; revengeful.
Vengement,Avengement; penal retribution; vengeance.
Venger,An avenger.
Veniable,Venial; pardonable.
Veniality,The quality or state of being venial; venialness.
Venison,Beasts of the chase.
Venose,Having numerous or conspicuous veins; veiny; as  a venose frond.
Venosity,The quality or state of being venous.
Vent,Sale; opportunity to sell; market.
Vented,of Vent
Venting,of Vent
Ventage,A small hole  as the stop in a flute; a vent.
Venter,One who vents; one who utters  reports or publishes.
Venthole,A touchhole; a vent.
Ventilated,of Ventilate
Ventilating,of Ventilate
Ventose,A ventouse.
Ventouse,A cupping glass.
Ventricose,Alt. of Ventricous
Ventricular,Of or pertaining to a ventricle; bellied.
Ventriculous,Somewhat distended in the middle; ventricular.
Ventriculi,of Ventriculus
Ventriculus,One of the stomachs of certain insects.
Ventrilocution,Ventriloquism.
Ventriloquial,Ventriloquous.
Ventriloquist,One who practices  or is skilled in ventriloquism.
Ventriloquized,of Ventriloquize
Ventriloquizing,of Ventriloquize
Ventriloquize,To practice ventriloquism; to speak like a ventriloquist.
Ventriloquous,Of or pertaining to a ventriloquist or ventriloquism.
Ventriloquy,Same as Ventriloquism.
Ventrimeson,See Meson.
Ventured,of Venture
Venturing,of Venture
Venturer,One who ventures  or puts to hazard; an adventurer.
Venturine,Gold powder for covering varnished surfaces.
Ventuse,See Ventouse.
Venulose,Full of venules  or small veins.
Venus,The goddess of beauty and love  that is beauty or love deified.
Venust,Beautiful.
Veraciously,In a veracious manner.
Veratrate,A salt of veratric acid.
Veratria,Veratrine.
Veratric,Pertaining to  or derived from plants of the genus Veratrum.
Veratrina,Same as Veratrine.
Verb,A word; a vocable.
Verbalism,Something expressed verbally; a verbal remark or expression.
Verbalization,The act of verbalizing  or the state of being verbalized.
Verbalized,of Verbalize
Verbalizing,of Verbalize
Verbalize,To convert into a verb; to verbify.
Verbally,In a verbal manner; orally.
Verbarian,Of or pertaining to words; verbal.
Verbarium,A game in word making. See Logomachy  2.
Verbenated,of Verbenate
Verbenating,of Verbenate
Verberate,To beat; to strike.
Verberation,The act of verberating; a beating or striking.
Verify,To make into a verb; to use as a verb; to verbalize.
Verbosities,of Verbosity
Verd,The privilege of cutting green wood within a forest for fuel.
Verdancy,The quality or state of being verdant.
Verd antique,A mottled-green serpentine marble.
Verdantly,In a verdant manner.
Verderer,Alt. of Verderor
Verdine,A commercial name for green aniline dye.
Verdingale,See Farthingale.
Verdit,Verdict.
Verditer,Verdigris.
Verditure,The faintest and palest green.
Verdoy,Charged with leaves  fruits flowers etc.; -- said of a border.
Verdured,Covered with verdure.
Verdureless,Destitute of verdure.
Verecund,Rashful; modest.
Verecundious,Verecund.
Verecundity,The quality or state of being verecund; modesty.
Vergalien,Alt. of Vergaloo
Vergaloo,See Virgalieu.
Verged,of Verge
Verging,of Verge
Vergency,The act of verging or approaching; tendency; approach.
Verger,One who carries a verge  or emblem of office.
Vergette,Divided by pallets  or pales; paly.
Veridical,Truth-telling; truthful; veracious.
Verifiable,Capable of being verified; confirmable.
Verificative,Serving to verify; verifying; authenciating; confirming.
Verifier,One who  or that which verifies.
Verified,of Verify
Verifying,of Verify
Veriloquent,Speaking truth; truthful.
Verily,In very truth; beyond doubt or question; in fact; certainly.
Verisimilar,Having the appearance of truth; probable; likely.
Verisimility,Verisimilitude.
Versimilous,Verisimilar.
Veritable,Agreeable to truth or to fact; actual; real; true; genuine.
Veritas,The Bureau Veritas. See under Bureau.
Verities,of Verity
Vermeil,Vermilion; also  the color of vermilion a bright beautiful red.
Vermeologist,One who treats of vermes  or worms; a helminthologist.
Vermetid,Any species of vermetus.
Vermicide,A medicine which destroys intestinal worms; a worm killer.
Vermicious,Of or pertaining to worms; wormy.
Vermiculated,of Vermiculate
Vermiculating,of Vermiculate
Vermicule,A small worm or insect larva; also  a wormlike body.
Vermiculose,Alt. of Vermiculous
Vermiculous,Containing  or full of worms; resembling worms.
Vermiformia,A tribe of worms including Phoronis. See Phoronis.
Vermil,See Vermeil.
Vermily,Vermeil.
Vermin,An animal  in general.
Verminate,To breed vermin.
Vermination,The generation or breeding of vermin.
Verminly,Resembling vermin; in the manner of vermin.
Verminous,Tending to breed vermin; infested by vermin.
Verminously,In a verminous manner.
Vermiparous,Producing or breeding worms.
Vermivorous,Devouring worms; feeding on worms; as  vermivorous birds.
Vernacle,See Veronica  1.
Vernacularism,A vernacular idiom.
Vernacularly,In a vernacular manner; in the vernacular.
Vernaculous,Vernacular.
Vernage,A kind of sweet wine from Italy.
Vernant,Flourishing  as in spring; vernal.
Vernate,To become young again.
Vernicle,A Veronica. See Veronica  1.
Vernicose,Having a brilliantly polished surface  as some leaves.
Vernile,Suiting a salve; servile; obsequious.
Vernility,Fawning or obsequious behavior; servility.
Vernish,Varnish.
Veronese,Of or pertaining to Verona  in Italy.
Verray,Very; true.
Verrayment,Verily; truly.
Verrel,See Ferrule.
Verriculate,Having thickset tufts of parallel hairs  bristles or branches.
Verruciform,Shaped like a wart or warts.
Verrucous,Verrucose.
Verruculose,Minutely verrucose; as  a verruculose leaf or stalk.
Vers,A verse or verses. See Verse.
Versability,The quality or state of being versable.
Versable,Capable of being turned.
Versableness,Versability.
Versal,Universal.
Versant,Familiar; conversant.
Versatile,Capable of being turned round.
Versatility,The quality or state of being versatile; versatileness.
Vers de societe,See Society verses  under Society.
Versed,of Verse
Versing,of Verse
Verseman,Same as Versemonger.
Verser,A versifier.
Verset,A verse.
Versicolor,Alt. of Versicolored
Versicolored,Having various colors; changeable in color.
Versificator,A versifier.
Versified,of Versify
Versifying,of Versify
Versify,To make verses.
Versionist,One who makes or favors a version; a translator.
Versor,The turning factor of a quaternion.
Verst,A Russian measure of length containing 3 500 English feet.
Versual,Of or pertaining to a verse.
Versute,Crafty; wily; cunning; artful.
Verteber,A vertebra.
Vertebrae,of Vertebra
Vertebra,One of the serial segments of the spinal column.
Vertebrate,One of the Vertebrata.
Vertebre,A vertebra.
Vertebro-iliac,Iliolumbar.
Vertexes,of Vertex
Vertices,of Vertex
Verticality,The quality or state of being vertical; verticalness.
Verticalness,Quality or state of being vertical.
Verticillate,Alt. of Verticillated
Verticillus,A whorl; a verticil.
Verticity,The quality or power of turning; revolution; rotation.
Verticle,An axis; hinge; a turning point.
Vertiginate,Turned round; giddy.
Vertigoes,of Vertigo
Vertigines,of Vertigo
Vertilinear,Straight; rectilinear.
Vertu,Virtue; power. See Virtue.
Vertuous,Virtuous; powerful.
Vervain,Any plant of the genus Verbena.
Vervel,See Varvel.
Very,True; real; actual; veritable.
Vese,Onset; rush; violent draught or wind.
Vesica,A bladder.
Vesical,Of or pertaining to the bladder.
Vesicant,A vesicatory.
Vesicated,of Vesicate
Vesicating,of Vesicate
Vesication,The process of vesicating  or of raising blisters.
Vesicatory,Tending  or having power to raise a blister.
Vesicle,A bladderlike vessel; a membranous cavity; a cyst; a cell.
Vesicoprostatic,Of a pertaining to the bladder and the prostrate gland.
Vesicouterine,Of or pertaining to the bladder and the uterus.
Vesicovaginal,Of or pertaining to the bladder and the vagina.
Vesiculae,of Vesicula
Vesicula,A vesicle.
Vesiculata,The campanularian medusae.
Vesiculate,Bladdery; full of  or covered with bladders; vesicular.
Vesiculose,Alt. of Vesiculous
Vespa,A genus of Hymenoptera including the common wasps and hornets.
Vesperal,Vesper; evening.
Vespers,One of the little hours of the Breviary.
Vespertilionine,Of or pertaining to the Vespertiliones.
Vespertinal,Vespertine.
Vespiary,A nest  or habitation of insects of the wasp kind.
Vespilloes,of Vespillo
Vesselfuls,of Vesselful
Vesselful,As much as a vessel will hold; enough to fill a vessel.
Vesses,Alt. of Vessets
Vessets,A kind of worsted; also  a worsted cloth.
Vessicnon,Alt. of Vessignon
Vessignon,A soft swelling on a horse's leg; a windgall.
Vested,of Vest
Vesting,of Vest
Vestiarian,Of or pertaining to a vestiary or vestments.
Vestiary,A wardrobe; a robing room; a vestry.
Vestibular,Of or pertaining to a vestibule; like a vestibule.
Vestibula,of Vestibulum
Vestigate,To investigate.
Vestigial,Of or pertaining to a vestige or remnant; like a vestige.
Vestiture,In vestiture.
Vestment,A covering or garment; some part of clothing or dress
Vestries,of Vestry
Vestrymen,of Vestryman
Vestured,Covered with vesture or garments; clothed; enveloped.
Vesuvian,Of or pertaining to Vesuvius  a volcano near Naples.
Vetchy,Consisting of vetches or of pea straw.
Veteranize,To reenlist for service as a soldier.
Vetoes,of Veto
Vetoed,of Veto
Vetoing,of Veto
Vetoist,One who uses  or sustains the use of the veto.
Vetture,of Vettura
Vetturini,of Vetturino
Vetturino,One who lets or drives a vettura.
Vetust,Venerable from antiquity; ancient; old.
Vexed,of Vex
Vexing,of Vex
Vex,To to/s back and forth; to agitate; to disquiet.
Vexer,One who vexes or troubles.
Vexil,A vexillum.
Vexillar,Alt. of Vexillary
Vexillary,Of or pertaining to an ensign or standard.
Vexillation,A company of troops under one vexillum.
Vexilla,of Vexillum
Vexillum,A flag or standard.
Vexingly,In a vexing manner; so as to vex  tease or irritate.
Via,A road way.
Viability,The quality or state of being viable.
Viage,A voyage; a journey.
Vialed,of Vial
Vialled,of Vial
Vialing,of Vial
Vialling,of Vial
Viameter,An odometer; -- called also viatometer.
Vi-apple,See Otaheite apple.
Viary,Of or pertaining to roads; happening on roads.
Viatic,Of or pertaining to a journey or traveling.
Viatometer,A viameter.
Vibracula,of Vibraculum
Vibrancy,The state of being vibrant; resonance.
Vibrant,Vibrating; tremulous; resonant; as  vibrant drums.
Vibrate,of Vibrate
Vibrating,of Vibrate
Vibratiuncle,A small vibration.
Vibrative,; vibratory.
Vibrios,of Vibrio
Vibriones,of Vibrio
Vibrissae,of Vibrissa
Vibroscope,An instrument for observing or tracing vibrations.
Vicarage,The benefice of a vicar.
Vicarial,Of or pertaining to a vicar; as  vicarial tithes.
Vicarian,A vicar.
Vicariate,Having delegated power  as a vicar; vicarious.
Vicariously,In a vicarious manner.
Vicarship,The office or dignity of a vicar.
Vicary,A vicar.
Viced,of Vice
Vicing,of Vice
Vicegerency,The office of a vicegerent.
Vicemen,of Viceman
Viceman,A smith who works at the vice instead of at the anvil.
Vicenary,Of or pertaining to twenty; consisting of twenty.
Vicennial,Lasting or comprising twenty years.
Vice-regal,Of or pertaining to a viceroy or viceroyalty.
Viceroyalty,The dignity  office or jurisdiction of a viceroy.
Viceroyship,Viceroyalty.
Vicety,Fault; defect; coarseness.
Viciate,See Vitiate.
Vicinal,Near; vicine.
Vicine,Near; neighboring; vicinal.
Viciosity,Vitiosity.
Vicious,Characterized by vice or defects; defective; faulty; imperfect.
Vicissitudinary,Subject to vicissitudes.
Vicissitudinous,Full of  or subject to changes.
Vicissy duck,A West Indian duck  sometimes domesticated.
Vicontiel,Of or pertaining to the viscount or sheriff of a country.
Vicount,See Viscount.
Victimate,To make a victim of; to sacrifice; to immolate.
Victimized,of Victimize
Victimizing,of Victimize
Victimize,To make a victim of  esp. by deception; to dupe; to cheat.
Victoress,A victress.
Victorine,A woman's fur tippet.
Victories,of Victory
Victress,A woman who wins a victory; a female victor.
Victrice,A victress.
Victrix,Victress.
Victual,Food; -- now used chiefly in the plural. See Victuals.
Victualed,of Victual
Victualled,of Victual
Victualing,of Victual
Victualling,of Victual
Victualage,Victuals; food.
Victualer,One who furnishes victuals.
Victus,Food; diet.
Vicu?a,Alt. of Vicugna
Vida finch,The whidah bird.
Videlicet,To wit; namely; -- often abbreviated to viz.
Vidette,Same Vedette.
Viduage,The state of widows or of widowhood; also  widows collectively.
Vidual,Of or pertaining to the state of a widow; widowed.
Viduation,The state of being widowed or bereaved; loss; bereavement.
Viduity,Widowhood.
Vied,of Vie
Vying,of Vie
Viennese,Of or pertaining to Vienna  or people of Vienna.
Viewed,of View
Viewing,of View
Viewer,One who views or examines.
Viewless,Not perceivable by the eye; invisible; unseen.
Viewly,Alt. of Viewsome
Viewsome,Pleasing to the sight; sightly.
Vigesimation,The act of putting to death every twentieth man.
Vigilancy,Vigilance.
Vigilantly,In a vigilant manner.
Vigily,A vigil.
Vigorite,An explosive containing nitroglycerin. It is used in blasting.
Vilany,Villainy.
Vild,Vile.
Vile,Low; base; worthless; mean; despicable.
Viled,Abusive; scurrilous; defamatory; vile.
Vileyns,Villainous.
Vilification,The act of vilifying or defaming; abuse.
Vilifier,One who vilifies or defames.
Vilified,of Vilify
Vilifying,of Vilify
Vilify,To make vile; to debase; to degrade; to disgrace.
Vilipend,To value lightly; to depreciate; to slight; to despise.
Vilipendency,Disesteem; slight; disparagement.
Vility,Vileness; baseness.
Vill,A small collection of houses; a village.
Villas,of Villa
Villager,An inhabitant of a village.
Villagery,Villages; a district of villages.
Villainous,Base; vile; mean; depraved; as  a villainous person or wretch.
Villainies,of Villainy
Villakin,A little villa.
Villan,A villain.
Villanel,A ballad.
Villanelle,of Villanella
Villanella,An old rustic dance  accompanied with singing.
Villanette,A small villa.
Villanized,of Villanize
Villanizing,of Villanize
Villanize,To make vile; to debase; to degrade; to revile.
Villanizer,One who villanizes.
Villanous,Alt. of Villanousness
Villanously,Alt. of Villanousness
Villanousness,See Villainous  etc.
Villany,See Villainy.
Villatic,Of or pertaining to a farm or a village; rural.
Villein,See Villain  1.
Villenage,Villanage.
Villenous,Of or pertaining to a villein.
Villi,pl. of Villus.
Villose,See Villous.
Villosity,State of being villous.
Vim,Power; force; energy; spirit; activity; vigor.
Vimen,A long  slender flexible shoot or branch.
Viminal,Of or pertaining to twigs; consisting of twigs; producing twigs.
Vimineous,Of or pertaining to twigs; made of pliant twigs.
Vinaceous,Belonging to  or like wine or grapes.
Vinagrous,Resembling vinegar; sour.
Vincentian,Of or pertaining to Saint Vincent de Paul  or founded by him.
Vincibility,The quality or state of being vincible  vincibleness.
Vincible,Capable of being overcome or subdued; conquerable.
Vincibleness,The quality or state of being vincible.
Vincture,A binding.
Vincula,of Vinculum
Vinculums,of Vinculum
Vinculum,A bond of union; a tie.
Vindemial,Of or pertaining to a vintage  or grape harvest.
Vindemiate,To gather the vintage.
Vindemiation,The operation of gathering grapes.
Vindicable,Capable of being vindicated.
Vindicated,of Vindicate
Vindicating,of Vindicate
Vindicate,To lay claim to; to assert a right to; to claim.
Vindicative,Tending to vindicate; vindicating; as  a vindicative policy.
Vindicator,One who vindicates; one who justifies or maintains.
Vine,Any woody climbing plant which bears grapes.
Vineal,Of or pertaining to vines; containing vines.
Vine-clad,Covered with vines.
Vinegarette,See Vinaigrette  n. 2.
Vinegary,Having the nature of vinegar; sour; unamiable.
Viner,A vinedresser.
Vinery,A vineyard.
Vinette,A sprig or branch.
Vinewed,Same as Vinnewed.
Vineyardist,One who cultivates a vineyard.
Vingtun,Contraction for Vingt et un.
Vinic,Of or pertaining to wine; as  vinic alcohol.
Viniculture,The cultivation of the vine  esp. for making wine; viticulture.
Vinnewed,Moldy; musty.
Vinny,Vinnewed.
Vinolency,Drunkennes.
Vinolent,Given to wine; drunken; intemperate.
Vin ordinaire,A cheap claret  used as a table wine in France.
Vinose,Vinous.
Vinosity,The quality or state of being vinous.
Vinquish,See Vanquish  n.
Vintager,One who gathers the vintage.
Vintaging,The act of gathering the vintage  or crop of grapes.
Vintner,One who deals in wine; a wine seller  or wine merchant.
Vintry,A place where wine is sold.
Viny,Of or pertaining to vines; producing  or abounding in vines.
Violable,Capable of being violated  broken or injured.
Violaceous,Resembling violets in color; bluish purple.
Violascent,Violescent.
Violates,of Violate
Violating,of Violate
Violate,To treat in a violent manner; to abuse.
Violative,Violating  or tending to violate.
Violator,One who violates; an infringer; a profaner; a ravisher.
Viole,A vial.
Violently,In a violent manner.
Violescent,Tending to a violet color; violascent.
Violinist,A player on the violin.
Violist,A player on the viol.
Violoncellist,A player on the violoncello.
Violous,Violent.
Viperina,See Viperoidea.
Viperine,Of or pertaining to a viper or vipers; resembling a viper.
Viperish,Somewhat like a viper; viperous.
Viperoidea,Alt. of Viperoides
Viraginian,Of or pertaining to a virago; having the qualities of a virago.
Viraginity,The qualities or characteristics of a virago.
Viragoes,of Virago
Virent,Green; not withered.
Virescent,Beginning to be green; slightly green; greenish.
Virgated,Striped; streaked.
Virge,A wand. See Verge.
Virger,See Verger.
Virgin,A woman who has had no carnal knowledge of man; a maid.
Virginal,Of or pertaining to a virgin; becoming a virgin; maidenly.
Virginhood,Virginity; maidenhood.
Virginia,One of the States of the United States of America.
Virgouleuse,An old French variety of pear  of little value.
Virgulate,Shaped like a little twig or rod.
Virgule,A comma.
Virid,Green.
Viridescence,Quality or state of being viridescent.
Viridescent,Slightly green; greenish.
Viridity,Greenness; verdure; the color of grass and foliage.
Viridness,Viridity; greenness.
Viripotent,Developed in manhood; hence  able to beget; marriageable.
Virmilion,See Vermilion.
Virole,A ring surrounding a bugle or hunting horn.
Virose,Having a nauseous odor; fetid; poisonous.
Virtu,A love of the fine arts; a taste for curiosities.
Virtuality,The quality or state of being virtual.
Virtuate,To make efficacious; to give virtue of efficacy.
Virtue,Manly strength or courage; bravery; daring; spirit; valor.
Virtuosos,of Virtuoso
Virtuosi,of Virtuoso
Virtuosoship,The condition  pursuits or occupation of a virtuoso.
Virtuous,Possessing or exhibiting virtue.
Virulence,Alt. of Virulency
Virulent,Extremely poisonous or venomous; very active in doing injury.
Virulented,Made virulent; poisoned.
Virulently,In a virulent manner.
Vis,Force; power.
Visa,See Vis/.
Visaed,of Visa
Visaing,of Visa
Visaged,Having a visage.
Visard,A mask. See Visor.
Viscacha,Alt. of Viz-cacha
Viscera,pl. of Viscus.
Visceral,Of or pertaining to the viscera; splanchnic.
Viscerated,of Viscerate
Viscerating,of Viscerate
Viscoidal,Somewhat viscous. Cf. Mobile  a. 2.
Viscosity,The quality or state of being viscous.
Viscountcy,The dignity or jurisdiction of a viscount.
Viscountess,The wife of a viscount.
Viscountship,Alt. of Viscounty
Viscounty,The quality  rank or office of a viscount.
Viscum,A genus of parasitic shrubs  including the mistletoe of Europe.
Viseed,of Vise
Viseing,of Vise
Visibility,The quality or state of being visible.
Visigoth,One of the West Goths. See the Note under Goth.
Vision,The act of seeing external objects; actual sight.
Visioned,of Vision
Visioning,of Vision
Visional,Of or pertaining to a vision.
Visionariness,The quality or state of being visionary.
Visionaries,of Visionary
Visionist,A visionary.
Visionless,Destitute of vision; sightless.
Visited,of Visit
Visiting,of Visit
Visitable,Liable or subject to be visited or inspected.
Visitant,One who visits; a guest; a visitor.
Visiter,A visitor.
Visitorial,Same as Visitatorial.
Visive,Of or pertaining to the sight; visual.
Visne,Neighborhood; vicinity; venue. See Venue.
Visnomy,Face; countenance.
Vison,The mink.
Visored,Wearing a visor; masked.
Vistas,of Vista
Visto,A vista; a prospect.
Visualize,To make visual  or visible; to see in fancy.
Vitaille,Food; victuals.
Vitalic,Pertaining to life; vital.
Vitalist,A believer in the theory of vitalism; -- opposed to physicist.
Vitalized,of Vitalize
Vitalizing,of Vitalize
Vitally,In a vital manner.
Vitellary,Vitelline.
Vitiated,of Vitiate
Vitiating,of Vitiate
Viticulose,Having long and slender trailing stems.
Viticultural,Of or pertaining to viticulture.
Viticulture,The cultivation of the vine; grape growing.
Viticulturist,One engaged in viticulture.
Vitilitigate,To contend in law litigiously or cavilously.
Vitilitigation,Cavilous litigation; cavillation.
Vitiosity,Viciousness; depravity.
Vitious,Alt. of Vitiousness
Vitiously,Alt. of Vitiousness
Vitiousness,See Vicious  Viciously Viciousness.
Vitis,A genus of plants including all true grapevines.
Vitoe,See Durukuli.
Vitre-o-electic,Containing or exhibiting positive  or vitreous electricity.
Vitreous,Consisting of  or resembling glass; glassy; as vitreous rocks.
Vitreousness,The quality or state of being vitreous.
Vitrescent,Capable of being formed into glass; tending to become glass.
Vitrescible,That may be vitrified; vitrifiable.
Vitrifacture,The manufacture of glass and glassware.
Vitrificable,Vitrifiable.
Vitrificate,To convert into glass; to vitrify.
Vitrification,Same as Vitrifaction.
Vitrified,Converted into glass.
Vitrifying,of Vitrify
Vitriolated,of Vitriolate
Vitriolating,of Vitriolate
Vitriolation,The act  process or result of vitriolating.
Vitriolizable,Capable of being converted into a vitriol.
Vitriolize,To convert into a vitriol; to vitriolate.
Vitriolous,See Vitriolic.
Vitruvian,Of or pertaining to Vitruvius  an ancient Roman architect.
Vittae,of Vitta
Vitta,One of the oil tubes in the fruit of umbelliferous plants.
Vittate,Bearing or containing vittae.
Vituline,Of or pertaining to a calf or veal.
Vituperable,Liable to  or deserving vituperation or severe censure.
Vituperation,The act of vituperating; abuse; severe censure; blame.
Vituperator,One who vituperates  or censures abusively.
Vituperrious,Worthy of vituperation; shameful; disgraceful.
Vivacious,Having vigorous powers of life; tenacious of life; long-lived.
Vivacity,The quality or state of being vivacious.
Vivariums,of Vivarium
Vivaria,of Vivarium
Vivaries,of Vivary
Vivary,A vivarium.
Viva voce,By word of mouth; orally.
Vivda,See Vifda.
Vively,In a lively manner.
Vivency,Manner of supporting or continuing life or vegetation.
Viverra,A genus of carnivores which comprises the civets.
Viverrine,Of or pertaining to the Viverridae  or Civet family.
Vivers,Provisions; victuals.
Vividity,The quality or state of being vivid; vividness.
Vivific,Alt. of Vivifical
Vivifical,Giving life; reviving; enlivening.
Vivificate,To give life to; to animate; to revive; to vivify.
Vivificative,Able or tending to vivify  animate or give life; vivifying.
Vivified,of Vivify
Vivifying,of Vivify
Viviparity,The quality or condition of being viviparous.
Viviparously,In a viviparous manner.
Viviparousness,The quality of being viviparous; viviparity.
Vivisect,To perform vivisection upon; to dissect alive.
Vivisectional,Of or pertaining to vivisection.
Vivisectionist,One who practices or advocates vivisection; a vivisector.
Vivisector,A vivisectionist.
Vixen,A female fox.
Vixenish,Of or pertaining to a vixen; resembling a vixen.
Vixenly,Like a vixen; vixenish.
Viz,To wit; that is; namely.
Vizard,A mask; a visor.
Vizarded,Wearing a vizard.
Vizcacha,Same as Viscacha.
Vizierate,The office  dignity or authority of a vizier.
Vizier-azem,A grand vizier. See under Vizier.
Vizierial,Of  pertaining to or issued by a vizier.
Vizir,See Vizier.
Vizor,See Visor.
Vlissmaki,The diadem indris. See Indris.
Vocabularies,of Vocabulary
Vocabulist,The writer or maker of a vocabulary; a lexicographer.
Vocalism,The exercise of the vocal organs; vocalization.
Vocalist,A singer  or vocal musician as opposed to an instrumentalist.
Vocalization,The act of vocalizing  or the state of being vocalized.
Vocalized,of Vocalize
Vocalizing,of Vocalize
Vocally,In a vocal manner; with voice; orally; with audible sound.
Vocalness,The quality of being vocal; vocality.
Vociferance,Vociferation; noise; clamor.
Vociferant,Noisy; clamorous.
Vociferate,To cry out with vehemence; to exclaim; to bawl; to clamor.
Vociferated,of Vociferate
Vociferating,of Vociferate
Vociferator,One who vociferates  or is clamorous.
Vociferous,Making a loud outcry; clamorous; noisy; as  vociferous heralds.
Vodka,A Russian drink distilled from rye.
Vogle,Same as Vugg.
Voiced,of Voice
Voicing,of Voice
Voiceless,Having no voice  utterance or vote; silent; mute; dumb.
Void,Containing nothing; empty; vacant; not occupied; not filled.
Voided,of Void
Voiding,of Void
Voidable,Capable of being voided  or evacuated.
Voidance,The act of voiding  emptying ejecting or evacuating.
Voider,One who  or that which voids /mpties vacates or annuls.
Voiture,A carriage.
Voivode,See Waywode.
Volacious,Apt or fit to fly.
Volage,Light; giddy.
Volante,A cumbrous two-wheeled pleasure carriage used in Cuba.
Volapukist,One who is conversant with  or who favors adoption of Volapuk.
Volary,See Volery.
Volatileness,Alt. of Volatility
Volatilizable,Capable of being volatilized.
Volatilized,of Volatilize
Volatilizing,of Volatilize
Volator,Same as Volador  1.
Volcanian,Volcanic.
Volcanic,Of or pertaining to a volcano or volcanoes; as  volcanic heat.
Volcanically,Like a volcano.
Volcanicity,Quality or state of being volcanic; volcanic power.
Volcanism,Volcanic power or action; volcanicity.
Volcanist,One versed in the history and phenomena of volcanoes.
Volcanized,of Volcanize
Volcanizing,of Volcanize
Volcanoes,of Volcano
Vole,A deal at cards that draws all the tricks.
Volery,A flight of birds.
Volge,The common sort of people; the crowd; the mob.
Volitable,Volatilizable.
Volitation,The act of flying; flight.
Volitional,Belonging or relating to volition.
Volkslieder,of Volkslied
Volkslied,A popular song  or national air.
Volleys,of Volley
Volleyed,of Volley
Volleying,of Volley
Volow,To baptize; -- used in contempt by the Reformers.
Volte,of Volta
Volta-electric,Of or pertaining to voltaic electricity  or voltaism.
Volta-electrometer,An instrument for the exact measurement of electric currents.
Voltage,Electric potential or potential difference  expressed in volts.
Voltairean,Of or relating to Voltaire  the French author.
Voltairism,The theories or practice of Voltaire.
Voltatype,An electrotype.
Volti,Turn  that is turn over the leaf.
Voltigeur,A tumbler; a leaper or vaulter.
Volubilate,Alt. of Volubile
Volubile,Turning  or whirling; winding; twining; voluble.
Volumed,Having the form of a volume  or roil; as volumed mist.
Volumetric,Of or pertaining to the measurement of volume.
Volumetrical,Volumetric.
Voluminous,Of or pertaining to volume or volumes.
Volumist,One who writes a volume; an author.
Voluntarily,In a voluntary manner; of one's own will; spontaneously.
Voluntary,Proceeding from the will; produced in or by an act of choice.
Voluntaries,of Voluntary
Volunteered,of Volunteer
Volunteering,of Volunteer
Volupere,A woman's cap.
Voluptuaries,of Voluptuary
Volupty,Voluptuousness.
Volutas,of Voluta
Volutae,of Voluta
Volutation,A rolling of a body; a wallowing.
Voluted,Having a volute  or spiral scroll.
Volution,A spiral turn or wreath.
Volvulus,The spasmodic contraction of the intestines which causes colic.
Volyer,A lurcher.
Vomerine,Of or pertaining to the vomer.
Vomica,An abscess cavity in the lungs.
Vomicine,See Brucine.
Vomic nut,Same as Nux vomica.
Vomited,of Vomit
Vomiting,of Vomit
Vomition,The act or power of vomiting.
Vomitive,Causing the ejection of matter from the stomach; emetic.
Vomitory,Causing vomiting; emetic; vomitive.
Vomitories,of Vomitory
Vomiturition,An ineffectual attempt to vomit.
Vondsira,Same as Vansire.
Voodoo,See Voodooism.
Voracity,The quality of being voracious; voraciousness.
Voraginous,Pertaining to a gulf; full of gulfs; hence  devouring.
Vortexes,of Vortex
Vortices,of Vortex
Vorticel,A vorticella.
Vorticellas,of Vorticella
Vorticellae,of Vorticella
Vorticose,Vortical; whirling; as  a vorticose motion.
Vortiginous,Moving rapidly round a center; vortical.
Votaress,A woman who is a votary.
Votarist,A votary.
Votaries,of Votary
Vote,An ardent wish or desire; a vow; a prayer.
Voted,of Vote
Voting,of Vote
Votist,One who makes a vow.
Votress,A votaress.
Vouched,of Vouch
Vouching,of Vouch
Vouch,To call; to summon.
Vouchment,A solemn assertion.
Vouch/or,Same as Voucher  3 (b).
Vouchsafed,of Vouchsafe
Vouchsafing,of Vouchsafe
Vouchsafe,To condescend to grant; to concede; to bestow.
Voussoir,One of the wedgelike stones of which an arch is composed.
Vowed,of Vow
Vowing,of Vow
Voweled,Furnished with vowels.
Vowelish,Of the nature of a vowel.
Vowelism,The use of vowels.
Vowelize,To give the quality  sound or office of a vowel to.
Vower,One who makes a vow.
Vow-fellow,One bound by the same vow as another.
Vox,A voice.
Voyaged,of Voyage
Voyaging,of Voyage
Voyageable,That may be sailed over  as water or air; navigable.
Voyager,One who voyages; one who sails or passes by sea or water.
Voyol,See Viol  2.
Vraisemblance,The appearance of truth; verisimilitude.
Vugg,Alt. of Vugh
Vugh,A cavity in a lode; -- called also vogle.
Vulcanic,Of or pertaining to Vulcan; made by Vulcan; Vulcanian.
Vulcanicity,Volcanicity.
Vulcanism,Volcanism.
Vulcanist,A volcanist.
Vulcanized,of Vulcanize
Vulcanizing,of Vulcanize
Vulcano,A volcano.
Vulgarism,Grossness; rudeness; vulgarity.
Vulgarization,The act or process of making vulgar  or common.
Vulgarized,of Vulgarize
Vulgarizing,of Vulgarize
Vulgarize,To make vulgar  or common.
Vulgarly,In a vulgar manner.
Vulgarness,The quality of being vulgar.
Vulnerability,The quality or state of being vulnerable; vulnerableness.
Vulnerableness,The quality or state of being vulnerable; vulnerability.
Vulnerate,To wound; to hurt.
Vulneration,The act of wounding  or the state of being wounded.
Vulnerose,Full of wounds; wounded.
Vulnific,Alt. of Vulnifical
Vulnifical,Causing wounds; inflicting wounds; wounding.
Vulnose,Having wounds; vulnerose.
Vulpes,A genus of Carnivora including the foxes.
Vulpinic,Same as Vulpic.
Vulpinism,The quality of being cunning like the fox; craft; artfulness.
Vulturish,Vulturous.
Vulturism,The quality or state of being like a vulture; rapaciousness.
Vulturous,Like a vulture; rapacious.
Vulviform,Like a cleft with projecting edges.
Vulvitis,Inflammation of the vulva.
Vulvo-uterine,Pertaining both to the vulva and the uterus.
Vulvovaginal,Pertaining both to the vulva and the vagina.
Waag,The grivet.
Wabbly,Inclined to wabble; wabbling.
Wacke,Alt. of Wacky
Wad,Woad.
Waded,of Wad
Wadding,of Wad
Waddled,of Waddle
Waddling,of Waddle
Waddler,One who  or that which waddles.
Waddlingly,In a waddling manner.
Wade,Woad.
Wading,of Wade
Wader,One who  or that which wades.
Wadset,A kind of pledge or mortgage.
Wadsetter,One who holds by a wadset.
Wadies,of Wady
Wae,A wave.
Waeg,The kittiwake.
Wafer,A thin cake made of flour and other ingredients.
Wafered,of Wafer
Wafering,of Wafer
Waferer,A dealer in the cakes called wafers; a confectioner.
Waffle,A thin cake baked and then rolled; a wafer.
Wafted,of Waft
Wafting,of Waft
Waftage,Conveyance on a buoyant medium  as air or water.
Wafter,One who  or that which wafts.
Wafture,The act of waving; a wavelike motion; a waft.
Wagged,of Wag
Wagging,of Wag
Waged,of Wage
Waging,of Wage
Wagel,See Waggel.
Wagered,of Wager
Wagering,of Wager
Wagerer,One who wagers  or lays a bet.
Waggeries,of Waggery
Waggie,The pied wagtail.
Waggled,of Waggle
Waggling,of Waggle
Wag-halter,One who moves or wears a halter; one likely to be hanged.
Wagoned,of Wagon
Wagoning,of Wagon
Wagonage,Money paid for carriage or conveyance in wagon.
Wagonfuls,of Wagonful
Wagonload,Same as Wagonful.
Wagon-roofed,Having a roof  or top shaped like an inverted U; wagon-headed.
Wagonry,Conveyance by means of a wagon or wagons.
Wagonwright,One who makes wagons.
Wah,The panda.
Waid,Oppressed with weight; crushed; weighed down.
Waift,A waif.
Wail,To choose; to select.
Wailed,of Wail
Wailing,of Wail
Wailer,One who wails or laments.
Waileress,A woman who wails.
Wailful,Sorrowful; mournful.
Wailingly,In a wailing manner.
Wailment,Lamentation; loud weeping; wailing.
Waiment,See Wayment.
Wainable,Capable of being plowed or cultivated; arable; tillable.
Wainbote,See Cartbote. See also the Note under Bote.
Wainscot,Oaken timber or boarding.
Wainscoted,of Wainscot
Wainscoting,of Wainscot
Wainwright,Same as Wagonwright.
Wair,A piece of plank two yard/ long and a foot broad.
Waited,of Wait
Waiting,of Wait
Wait,To watch; to observe; to take notice.
Waitingly,By waiting.
Waitress,A female waiter or attendant; a waiting maid or waiting woman.
Waive,A waif; a castaway.
Waived,of Waive
Waiving,of Waive
Waivure,See Waiver.
Waiwode,See Waywode.
Waked,of Wake
Woke,of Wake
Waking,of Wake
Wakeful,Not sleeping; indisposed to sleep; watchful; vigilant.
Wakened,of Waken
Wakening,of Waken
Waken,To wake; to cease to sleep; to be awakened.
Wakener,One who wakens.
Waker,One who wakes.
Waketime,Time during which one is awake.
Walaway,See Welaway.
Wald,A forest; -- used as a termination of names. See Weald.
Waldensian,Of or pertaining to the Waldenses.
Waldgrave,In the old German empire  the head forest keeper.
Walhalla,See Valhalla.
Waling,Same as Wale  n. 4.
Walked,of Walk
Walking,of Walk
Walkable,Fit to be walked on; capable of being walked on or over.
Walker,One who walks; a pedestrian.
Walk-mill,A fulling mill.
Walkyr,See Valkyria.
Walled,of Wall
Walling,of Wall
Wallabies,of Wallaby
Wallah,A black variety of the jaguar; -- called also tapir tiger.
Wallbird,The spotted flycatcher.
Waller,One who builds walls.
Walleteer,One who carries a wallet; a foot traveler; a tramping beggar.
Wall-eyed,Having an eye of a very light gray or whitish color.
Wallhick,The lesser spotted woodpecker (Dryobates minor).
Wallop,To move quickly  but with great effort; to gallop.
Walloped,of Wallop
Walloping,of Wallop
Wallowed,of Wallow
Wallowing,of Wallow
Wallower,One who  or that which wallows.
Wallowish,Flat; insipid.
Wall-plat,The spotted flycatcher. It builds its nest on walls.
Wallwort,The dwarf elder  or danewort (Sambucus Ebulus).
Walm,To roll; to spout; to boil up.
Walter,To roll or wallow; to welter.
Waltron,A walrus.
Walty,Liable to roll over; crank; as  a walty ship.
Waltzed,of Waltz
Waltzing,of Waltz
Waltzer,A person who waltzes.
Walwe,To wallow.
Waly,An exclamation of grief.
Wamble,To heave; to be disturbed by nausea; -- said of the stomach.
Wamble-cropped,Sick at the stomach; also  crestfallen; dejected.
Wammel,To move irregularly or awkwardly; to wamble  or wabble.
Wamp,The common American eider.
Wan,Won.
Wand,A small stick; a rod; a verge.
Wandered,of Wander
Wandering,of Wander
Wanderingly,In a wandering manner.
Wanderment,The act of wandering  or roaming.
Wandy,Long and flexible  like a wand.
Waned,of Wane
Waning,of Wane
Wang,The jaw  jawbone or cheek bone.
Wanger,A pillow for the cheek; a pillow.
Wango,A boomerang.
Waniand,The wane of the moon.
Wankle,Not to be depended on; weak; unstable.
Wanly,In a wan  or pale manner.
Wanned,Made wan  or pale.
Wannish,Somewhat wan; of a pale hue.
Wanted,of Want
Wanting,of Want
Wa'n't,A colloquial contraction of was not.
Wantage,That which is wanting; deficiency.
Wantless,Having no want; abundant; fruitful.
Wantoned,of Wanton
Wantoning,of Wanton
Wantonize,To behave wantonly; to frolic; to wanton.
Wantwit,One destitute of wit or sense; a blockhead; a fool.
Wany,To wane.
Wanze,To wane; to wither.
Wap,To beat; to whap.
Wapacut,The American hawk owl. See under Hawk.
Waped,Cast down; crushed by misery; dejected.
Wapp,A fair-leader.
Wappato,See Wapatoo.
Wappened,A word of doubtful meaning used once by Shakespeare.
Wappet,A small yelping cur.
Wapping,Yelping.
War,Ware; aware.
Warred,of War
Warring,of War
War-beaten,Warworn.
Warbled,of Warble
Warbling,of Warble
Warblingly,In a warbling manner.
Warded,of Ward
Warding,of Ward
Wardcorps,Guardian; one set to watch over another.
Warden,A keeper; a guardian; a watchman.
Wardenry,Alt. of Wardenship
Wardenship,The office or jurisdiction of a warden.
Warder,One who wards or keeps; a keeper; a guard.
Wardsmen,of Wardsman
Wardsman,A man who keeps ward; a guard.
Ware,Wore.
Wareful,Wary; watchful; cautious.
Warefulness,Wariness; cautiousness.
Warehouses,of Warehouse
Warehouse,A storehouse for wares  or goods.
Warehoused,of Warehouse
Warehousing,of Warehouse
Warehousemen,of Warehouseman
Wareless,Unwary; incautious; unheeding; careless; unaware.
Warely,Cautiously; warily.
Warence,Madder.
Wareroom,A room in which goods are stored or exhibited for sale.
Wares,See 4th Ware.
Warfarer,One engaged in warfare; a military man; a soldier; a warrior.
Warhable,Fit for war.
Warily,In a wary manner.
Wariment,Wariness.
Warine,A South American monkey  one of the sapajous.
Warish,To protect from the effects of; hence  to cure; to heal.
Warison,Preparation; protection; provision; supply.
Wark,Work; a building.
Warkloom,A tool; an implement.
Warlikeness,Quality of being warlike.
Warlock,A male witch; a wizard; a sprite; an imp.
Warlockry,Impishness; magic.
Warly,Warlike.
Warm,Having heat in a moderate degree; not cold as  warm milk.
Warmed,of Warm
Warming,of Warm
Warmer,One who  or that which warms.
Warm-hearted,Having strong affection; cordial; sincere; hearty; sympathetic.
Warmly,In a warm manner; ardently.
Warmness,Warmth.
Warmonger,One who makes ar a trade or business; a mercenary.
Warmthless,Being without warmth; not communicating warmth; cold.
Warn,To refuse.
Warned,of Warn
Warning,of Warn
Warner,One who warns; an admonisher.
Warningly,In a warning manner.
Warnstore,To furnish.
Warped,of Warp
Warping,of Warp
Warp,To throw; hence  to send forth or throw out as words; to utter.
Warper,One who  or that which warps or twists out of shape.
Warproof,Valor tried by war.
Warragal,The dingo.
Warranted,of Warrant
Warranting,of Warrant
Warrantee,The person to whom a warrant or warranty is made.
Warranter,One who warrants  gives authority or legally empowers.
Warrantise,Authority; security; warranty.
Warrantor,One who warrants.
Warranties,of Warranty
Warray,To make war upon. [Obs.] Fairfax.
Warre,Worse.
Warrener,The keeper of a warren.
Warriangle,See Wariangle.
Warrie,See Warye.
Warrioress,A female warrior.
Warry,See Warye.
Wartless,Having no wart.
Wartweed,Same as Wartwort.
Warye,To curse; to curse; to execrate; to condemn; also  to vex.
Washed,of Wash
Washing,of Wash
Washable,Capable of being washed without damage to fabric or color.
Washbowl,A basin  or bowl to hold water for washing one's hands face etc.
Washdish,A washbowl.
Washen,p. p. of Wash.
Washer,One who  or that which washes.
Washermen,of Washerman
Washerman,A man who washes clothes  esp. for hire or for others.
Washerwomen,of Washerwoman
Washerwoman,A woman who washes clothes  especially for hire or for others.
Washiness,The quality or state of being washy  watery or weak.
Washpot,A pot or vessel in which anything is washed.
Washtub,A tub in which clothes are washed.
Washy,Watery; damp; soft.
Wasite,A variety of allanite from Sweden supposed to contain wasium.
Waspish,Resembling a wasp in form; having a slender waist  like a wasp.
Wastage,Loss by use  decay evaporation leakage or the like; waste.
Wasted,of Waste
Wasting,of Waste
Wasteboard,See Washboard  3.
Wastethrift,A spendthrift.
Wastor,A waster; a thief.
Wastorel,See Wastrel.
Wastrel,Any waste thing or substance
Watched,of Watch
Watching,of Watch
Watches,The leaves of Saracenia flava. See Trumpets.
Watchet,Pale or light blue.
Watchhouses,of Watchhouse
Watchhouse,A house in which a watch or guard is placed.
Watchmaker,One whose occupation is to make and repair watches.
Watchmen,of Watchman
Watchman,One set to watch; a person who keeps guard; a guard; a sentinel.
Watered,of Water
Watering,of Water
Water adder,The water moccasin.
Waterage,Money paid for transportation of goods  etc. by water.
Water aloe,See Water soldier.
Water antelope,See Water buck.
Water back,See under 1st Back.
Water bailiff,An officer of the customs  whose duty it is to search vessels.
Water battery,A voltaic battery in which the exciting fluid is water.
Water bear,Any species of Tardigrada  2. See Illust. of Tardigrada.
Water-bearer,The constellation Aquarius.
Water beech,The American hornbeam. See Hornbeam.
Water bellows,Same as Tromp.
Water bird,Any aquatic bird; a water fowl.
Water blackbird,The European water ousel  or dipper.
Waterboard,A board set up to windward in a boat  to keep out water.
Water boatman,A boat bug.
Waterbok,A water buck.
Water-bound,Prevented by a flood from proceeding.
Water brain,A disease of sheep; gid.
Water brash,See under Brash.
Water breather,Any arthropod that breathes by means of gills.
Water bridge,See Water table.
Water buffalo,The European buffalo.
Water bug,The Croton bug.
Water butt,A large  open-headed cask set up on end to contain water.
Water caltrop,The water chestnut.
Water canker,See Canker  n. 1.
Water cavy,The capybara.
Water cement,Hydraulic cement.
Water chicken,The common American gallinule.
Water-colorist,One who paints in water colors.
Water course,A stream of water; a river or brook.
Water crake,The dipper.
Water crow,The dipper.
Water cure,Hydropathy.
Water deerlet,See Water chevrotain.
Water drain,A drain or channel for draining off water.
Water drainage,The draining off of water.
Water eagle,The osprey.
Water elder,The guelder-rose.
Water elephant,The hippopotamus.
Waterer,One who  or that which waters.
Water feather,Alt. of Water feather-foil
Waterflood,A flood of water; an inundation.
Water flounder,The windowpane (Pleuronectes maculatus).
Water fox,The carp; -- so called on account of its cunning.
Water-furrow,To make water furrows in.
Water gage,See Water gauge.
Water gall,A cavity made in the earth by a torrent of water; a washout.
Water gas,See under Gas.
Water gauge,A wall or bank to hold water back.
Water glass,See Soluble glass  under Glass.
Water hemp,See under Hemp.
Water hen,Any gallinule.
Water hog,The capybara.
Water horehound,Bugleweed.
Waterhorse,A pile of salted fish heaped up to drain.
Waterie,The pied wagtail; -- so called because it frequents ponds.
Water inch,Same as Inch of water  under Water.
Wateriness,The quality or state of being watery; moisture; humidity.
Waterish,Resembling water; thin; watery.
Waterishness,The quality of being waterish.
Water junket,The common sandpiper.
Waterlander,Alt. of Waterlandian
Water laverock,The common sandpiper.
Water leg,See Leg  7.
Waterless,Destitute of water; dry.
Water level,The level formed by the surface of still water.
Water lime,Hydraulic lime.
Watermen,of Waterman
Water mole,The shrew mole. See under Shrew.
Water motor,A water engine.
Water murrain,A kind of murrain affecting cattle.
Water newt,Any one of numerous species of aquatic salamanders; a triton.
Water oat,Indian rice. See under Rice.
Water opossum,See Yapock  and the Note under Opossum.
Water ordeal,Same as Ordeal by water. See the Note under Ordeal  n. 1.
Water ousel,Alt. of Water ouzel
Water partridge,The ruddy duck.
Water pennywort,Marsh pennywort. See under Marsh.
Water pepper,Smartweed.
Water pheasant,The pintail. See Pintail  n. 1.
Water piet,The water ousel.
Water pig,The capybara.
Water pillar,A waterspout.
Water pimpernel,A small white-flowered shrub; brookweed.
Water pipe,A pipe for conveying water.
Water pitcher,A pitcher for water.
Water plant,A plant that grows in water; an aquatic plant.
Water plantain,A kind of plant with acrid leaves. See under 2d Plantain.
Water poa,Meadow reed grass. See under Reed.
Water poise,A hydrometer.
Water power,The power of water employed to move machinery  etc.
Water pox,A variety of chicken pox  or varicella.
Waterproofing,The act or process of making waterproof.
Water purslane,See under Purslane.
Water qualm,See Water brash  under Brash.
Water rabbit,See Water hare.
Water ram,An hydraulic ram.
Water rat,The water vole. See under Vole.
Water rate,A rate or tax for a supply of water.
Water rattle,Alt. of Water rattler
Water-retted,of Water-ret
Water-retting,of Water-ret
Water-ret,To ret  or rot in water as flax; to water-rot.
Water rice,Indian rice. See under Rice.
Water-rotted,of Water-rot
Water-rotting,of Water-rot
Waterscape,A sea view; -- distinguished from landscape.
Water scorpion,See Nepa.
Water screw,A screw propeller.
Watershoot,A sprig or shoot from the root or stock of a tree.
Water-soak,To soak water; to fill the interstices of with water.
Water sparrow,The reed warbler.
Water spinner,The water spider.
Water sprite,A sprite  or spirit imagined as inhabiting the water.
Water-standing,Tear-filled.
Water starwort,See under Starwort.
Water tabby,A kind of waved or watered tabby. See Tabby  n. 1.
Water thief,A pirate.
Water thyme,See Anacharis.
Water tick,Same as Water mite.
Water-tight,So tight as to retain  or not to admit water; not leaky.
Water trefoil,The buck bean.
Water turkey,The American snakebird. See Snakebird.
Water tu twist,Yarn made by the throstle  or water frame.
Water violet,See under Violet.
Water viper,See Water moccasin.
Water vole,See under Vole.
Water wagtail,See under Wagtail.
Water way,Same as Water course.
Waterweed,See Anacharis.
Water witch,The dabchick.
Watery,Of or pertaining to water; consisting of water.
Wattle,A twig or flexible rod; hence  a hurdle made of such rods.
Wattled,of Wattle
Wattling,of Wattle
Waucht,Alt. of Waught
Waught,A large draught of any liquid.
Waul,To cry as a cat; to squall; to wail.
Waur,Worse.
Wave,See Waive.
Waved,of Wave
Waving,of Wave
Wavelet,A little wave; a ripple.
Wavered,of Waver
Wavering,of Waver
Waveringly,In a wavering manner.
Waveringness,The quality or state of wavering.
Waveworn,Worn by the waves.
Wavey,The snow goose.
Waviness,The quality or state of being wavy.
Wavure,See Waivure.
Wavy,Rising or swelling in waves; full of waves.
Wawaskeesh,The wapiti  or wapiti or American elk.
Wawe,A wave.
Wawl,See Waul.
Waxed,of Wax
Waxen,of Wax
Waxing,of Wax
Waxbird,The waxwing.
Waxiness,Quality or state of being waxy.
Waxworker,One who works in wax; one who makes waxwork.
Way,Away.
Waybread,The common dooryard plantain (Plantago major).
Wayed,Used to the way; broken.
Wayfare,To journey; to travel; to go to and fro.
Wayfarer,One who travels; a traveler; a passenger.
Wayfaring,Traveling; passing; being on a journey.
Waygate,The tailrace of a mill.
Way-going,Going away; departing; of or pertaining to one who goes away.
Way-goose,See Wayz-goose  n. 2.
Wayk,Weak.
Waylaid,of Waylay
Waylaying,of Waylay
Waylayer,One who waylays another.
Wayless,Having no road or path; pathless.
Wayleway,See Welaway.
Waymaker,One who makes a way; a precursor.
Waymark,A mark to guide in traveling.
Waymented,of Wayment
Waymenting,of Wayment
Wayment,To lament; to grieve; to wail.
Way shaft,A rock shaft.
Wayside,The side of the way; the edge or border of a road or path.
Wayward,Taking one's own way; disobedient; froward; perverse; willful.
Waywodeship,The office  province or jurisdiction of a waywode.
Wayworn,Wearied by traveling.
Wayz-goose,A stubble goose.
Weak,Wanting physical strength.
Weakened,of Weaken
Weakening,of Weaken
Weakener,One who  or that which weakens.
Weakish,Somewhat weak; rather weak.
Weakishness,Quality or state of being weakish.
Weak-kneed,Having weak knees; hence  easily yielding; wanting resolution.
Weakling,A weak or feeble creature.
Weakly,In a weak manner; with little strength or vigor; feebly.
Weal,The mark of a stripe. See Wale.
Weal-balanced,Balanced or considered with reference to public weal.
Wealful,Weleful.
Wealsmen,of Wealsman
Wealsman,A statesman; a politician.
Wealth,Weal; welfare; prosperity; good.
Wealthful,Full of wealth; wealthy; prosperous.
Wealthily,In a wealthy manner; richly.
Weaned,of Wean
Weaning,of Wean
Weanedness,Quality or state of being weaned.
Weanel,A weanling.
Weanling,a. & n. from Wean  v.
Weaponed,Furnished with weapons  or arms; armed; equipped.
Weaponless,Having no weapon.
Weaponry,Weapons  collectively; as an array of weaponry.
Wear,Same as Weir.
Wore,of Wear
Worn,of Wear
Wearing,of Wear
Weared,of Wear
Wearable,Capable of being worn; suitable to be worn.
Weariable,That may be wearied.
Weariful,Abounding in qualities which cause weariness; wearisome.
Weariless,Incapable of being wearied.
Wearily,In a weary manner.
Wearish,Weak; withered; shrunk.
Wearied,of Weary
Wearying,of Weary
Weasand,The windpipe; -- called also  formerly wesil.
Weasel-faced,Having a thin  sharp face like a weasel.
Weaser,The American merganser; -- called also weaser sheldrake.
Weasy,Given to sensual indulgence; gluttonous.
Weathered,of Weather
Weathering,of Weather
Weatherbit,To take another turn with  as a cable around a windlass.
Weather-bitten,Eaten into  defaced or worn by exposure to the weather.
Weather-driven,Driven by winds or storms; forced by stress of weather.
Weather-fend,To defend from the weather; to shelter.
Weatherliness,The quality of being weatherly.
Weatherly,Working  or able to sail close to the wind; as a weatherly ship.
Weathermost,Being farthest to the windward.
Weatherproof,Proof against rough weather.
Weatherwise,Skillful in forecasting the changes of the weather.
Weatherwiser,Something that foreshows the weather.
Weatherworn,Worn by the action of  or by exposure to the weather.
Wove,of Weave
Woven,of Weave
Weaving,of Weave
Weaved,of Weave
Weaver,One who weaves  or whose occupation is to weave.
Weaverfish,See Weever.
Weazand,See Weasand.
Weazen,Thin; sharp; withered; wizened; as  a weazen face.
Weazeny,Somewhat weazen; shriveled.
Web,A weaver.
Webbed,of Web
Webbing,of Web
Webber,One who forms webs; a weaver; a webster.
Webeye,See Web  n. 8.
Webfeet,of Webfoot
Webfoot,A foot the toes of which are connected by a membrane.
Webster,A weaver; originally  a female weaver.
Wed,A pledge; a pawn.
Wedded,of Wed
Wedding,of Wed
Weddahs,See Veddahs.
Wedder,See Wether.
Weder,Weather.
Wedged,of Wedge
Wedging,of Wedge
Wedge-formed,Having the form of a wedge; cuneiform.
Wedge-shaped,Having the shape of a wedge; cuneiform.
Wedgewise,In the manner of a wedge.
Wedgy,Like a wedge; wedge-shaped.
Wedlock,The ceremony  or the state of marriage; matrimony.
Wednesday,The fourth day of the week; the next day after Tuesday.
Wee,A little; a bit  as of space time or distance.
Weech-elm,The wych-elm.
Weed,A garment; clothing; especially  an upper or outer garment.
Weeded,of Weed
Weeding,of Weed
Weeder,One who  or that which weeds or frees from anything noxious.
Weedless,Free from weeds or noxious matter.
Weedy,Of or pertaining to weeds; consisting of weeds.
Weekly,Of or pertaining to a week  or week days; as weekly labor.
Weeklies,of Weekly
Weekwam,See Wigwam.
Weel,Well.
Weely,A kind of trap or snare for fish  made of twigs.
Ween,To think; to imagine; to fancy.
Weep,The lapwing; the wipe; -- so called from its cry.
Wept,of Weep
Weeping,of Weep
Weeper,One who weeps; esp.  one who sheds tears.
Weepful,Full of weeping or lamentation; grieving.
Weepingly,In a weeping manner.
Weeping-ripe,Ripe for weeping; ready to weep.
Weerish,See Wearish.
Weesel,See Weasel.
Weet,Wet.
Wot,of Weet
Weet-bird,The wryneck; -- so called from its cry.
Weetingly,Knowingly.
Weetless,Unknowing; also  unknown; unmeaning.
Weet-weet,The common European sandpiper.
Weeviled,Infested by weevils; as  weeviled grain.
Weevily,Having weevils; weeviled.
Weezel,See Weasel.
Weft,imp. & p. p. of Wave.
Weftage,Texture.
Wegotism,Excessive use of the pronoun we; -- called also weism.
Wehrgeld,Alt. of Wehrgelt
Wehrgelt,See Weregild.
Wehrwolf,See Werewolf.
Weigela,Alt. of Weigelia
Weigh,A corruption of Way  used only in the phrase under weigh.
Weighed,of Weigh
Weighing,of Weigh
Weighable,Capable of being weighed.
Weighage,A duty or toil paid for weighing merchandise.
Weighboard,Clay intersecting a vein.
Weigh-houses,of Weigh-house
Weigh-house,A building at or within which goods  and the like are weighed.
Weighted,of Weight
Weighting,of Weight
Weightily,In a weighty manner.
Weightless,Having no weight; imponderable; hence  light.
Weighty,Having weight; heavy; ponderous; as  a weighty body.
Weir,Alt. of Wear
Weird,Fate; destiny; one of the Fates  or Norns; also a prediction.
Weirdness,The quality or state of being weird.
Weism,Same as Wegotism.
Weive,See Waive.
Wekeen,The meadow pipit.
Welaway,Alas!
Wel-begone,Surrounded with happiness or prosperity.
Welch,See Welsh.
Welcher,See Welsher.
Welchman,See Welshman.
Welcomed,of Welcome
Welcoming,of Welcome
Welcomely,In a welcome manner.
Weld,To wield.
Welded,of Weld
Welding,of Weld
Weldable,Capable of being welded.
Welder,One who welds  or unites pieces of iron etc. by welding.
Wele,Prosperity; happiness; well-being; weal.
Weleful,Producing prosperity or happiness; blessed.
Welew,To welk  or wither.
Welfaring,Faring well; prosperous; thriving.
Welked,of Welk
Welking,of Welk
Welk,To wither; to fade; also  to decay; to decline; to wane.
Welkin,The visible regions of the air; the vault of heaven; the sky.
Well,An issue of water from the earth; a spring; a fountain.
Welled,of Well
Welling,of Well
Welladay,Alas! Welaway!
Wellat,The king parrakeet See under King.
Well-born,Born of a noble or respect able family; not of mean birth.
Well-bred,Having good breeding; refined in manners; polite; cultivated.
Welldoer,One who does well; one who does good to another; a benefactor.
Welldrained,of Welldrain
Well-draining,of Welldrain
Wellfare,See Welfare.
Well-favored,Handsome; wellformed; beautiful; pleasing to the eye.
Wellhead,A source  spring or fountain.
Wellhole,The open space in a floor  to accommodate a staircase.
Wellingtons,A kind of long boots for men.
Well-intentioned,Having upright intentions or honorable purposes.
Well-known,Fully known; generally known or acknowledged.
Well-liking,Being in good condition.
Well-mannered,Polite; well-bred; complaisant; courteous.
Well-meaner,One whose intention is good.
Well-meaning,Having a good intention.
Well-natured,Good-natured; kind.
Well-nigh,Almost; nearly.
Well-plighted,Being well folded.
Well-read,Of extensive reading; deeply versed; -- often followed by in.
Well-seen,Having seen much; hence  accomplished; experienced.
Well-set,Properly or firmly set.
Well-sped,Having good success.
Well-spoken,Speaking well; speaking with fitness or grace; speaking kindly.
Wellspring,A fountain; a spring; a source of continual supply.
Well-willer,One who wishes well  or means kindly.
Well-wish,A wish of happiness.
We'll,Contraction for we will or we shall.
Wels,The sheatfish; -- called also waller.
Welsh,Of or pertaining to Wales  or its inhabitants.
Welshmen,of Welshman
Welshman,A native or inhabitant of Wales; one of the Welsh.
Welsome,Prosperous; well.
Welted,of Welt
Welting,of Welt
Welte,imp. of Weld  to wield.
Weltered,of Welter
Weltering,of Welter
Wem,The abdomen; the uterus; the womb.
Wemless,Having no wem  or blemish; spotless.
Wench,A young woman; a girl; a maiden.
Wenched,of Wench
Wenching,of Wench
Wencher,One who wenches; a lewd man.
Wenchless,Being without a wench.
Wend,p. p. of Wene.
Wended,of Wend
Wending,of Wend
Wende,imp. of Wene.
Wendic,Alt. of Wendish
Wendish,Of or pertaining the Wends  or their language.
Wene,To ween.
Wennel,See Weanel.
Wennish,Alt. of Wenny
Wep,imp. of Weep.
Wepen,Weapon.
Werche,To work.
Were,To wear. See 3d Wear.
Werewolves,of Werewolf
Werk,Alt. of Werke
Werke,See Work.
Wern,To refuse.
Wernerite,The common grayish or white variety of soapolite.
Werre,War.
Werrey,To warray.
Werst,See Verst.
Weryangle,See Wariangle.
Wesand,See Weasand.
Wesh,Washed.
Wesil,See Weasand.
Wesleyan,Of or pertaining to Wesley or Wesleyanism.
Westering,Passing to the west.
Westerner,A native or inhabitant of the west.
Westernmost,Situated the farthest towards the west; most western.
West India,Alt. of West Indian
West Indian,Belonging or relating to the West Indies.
Westling,A westerner.
Westminster Assembly,See under Assembly.
Westmost,Lying farthest to the west; westernmost.
Westward,Alt. of Westwards
Westwards,Toward the west; as  to ride or sail westward.
Westwardly,In a westward direction.
Westy,Dizzy; giddy.
Wetted,of Wet
Wetting,of Wet
Wetbird,The chaffinch  whose cry is thought to foretell rain.
Wether,A castrated ram.
Wet-shod,Having the feet  or the shoes on the feet wet.
Wettish,Somewhat wet; moist; humid.
Wevil,See Weevil.
Wex,To grow; to wax.
Wey,Way; road; path.
Weyle,To wail.
Weyleway,See Welaway.
Weyve,To waive.
Wezand,See Weasand.
Whacked,of Whack
Whacking,of Whack
Whacker,One who whacks.
Whahoo,An American tree  the winged elm. (Ulmus alata).
Whaled,of Whala
Whaling,of Whala
Whala,To lash with stripes; to wale; to thrash; to drub.
Whaleboat,A long  narrow boat sharp at both ends used by whalemen.
Whalemen,of Whaleman
Whaleman,A man employed in the whale fishery.
Whaler,A vessel or person employed in the whale fishery.
Whall,A light color of the iris in horses; wall-eye.
Whally,Having the iris of light color; -- said of horses.
Whame,A breeze fly.
Whammel,To turn over.
Whan,When.
Whang,A leather thong.
Whanghee,See Wanghee.
Whap,Alt. of Whop
Whapped,of Whop
Whapping,of Whop
Whapper,Alt. of Whopper
Whopping,Very large; monstrous; astonishing; as  a whapping story.
Wharfs,of Wharf
Wharves,of Wharf
Wharfed,of Wharf
Wharfing,of Wharf
Wharfinger,A man who owns  or has the care of a wharf.
Wharl,Alt. of Wharling
Whate'er,A contraction of what-ever; -- used in poetry.
Whatso,Whatsoever; whosoever; whatever; anything that.
Whatsoe'er,A contraction of whatsoever; -- used in poetry.
Whatsoever,Whatever.
Whaul,Same as Whall.
Whaup,See Whaap.
Wheal,A pustule; a whelk.
Wheatbird,A bird that feeds on wheat  especially the chaffinch.
Wheaten,Made of wheat; as  wheaten bread.
Wheatsel bird,The male of the chaffinch.
Wheatstone's bridge,See under Bridge.
Wheder,Whether.
Wheedled,of Wheedle
Wheedling,of Wheedle
Wheedle,To entice by soft words; to cajole; to flatter; to coax.
Wheeled,of Wheel
Wheeling,of Wheel
Wheelband,The tire of a wheel.
Wheelbird,The European goatsucker.
Wheeler,One who wheels  or turns.
Wheelmen,of Wheelman
Wheelman,One who rides a bicycle or tricycle; a cycler  or cyclist.
Wheel-shaped,Shaped like a wheel.
Wheelswarf,See Swarf.
Wheel-worn,Worn by the action of wheels; as  a wheel-worn road.
Wheely,Circular; suitable to rotation.
Wheen,A quantity; a goodly number.
Wheezed,of Wheeze
Wheezing,of Wheeze
Wheft,See Waft  n. 4.
Whelked,Having whelks; whelky; as  whelked horns.
Whelmed,of Whelm
Whelming,of Whelm
Whelped,of Whelp
Whelping,of Whelp
When,At what time; -- used interrogatively.
Whenas,Whereas; while
Whenceever,Whencesoever.
Whenceforth,From  or forth from what or which place; whence.
Whencesoever,From what place soever; from what cause or source soever.
Whene'er,Whenever.
Whenever,At whatever time.
Whennes,Whence.
Whensoever,At what time soever; at whatever time; whenever.
Where,Whether.
Whereabout,Alt. of Whereabouts
Whereas,At which place; where.
Whereat,At which; upon which; whereupon; -- used relatively.
Whereby,By which; -- used relatively.
Where'er,Wherever; -- a contracted and poetical form.
Wherefore,For which reason; so; -- used relatively.
Whereform,From which; from which or what place.
Whereinto,Into which; -- used relatively.
Whereon,On which; -- used relatively; as  the earth whereon we live.
Whereout,Out of which.
Whereso,Wheresoever.
Wheresoe'er,Wheresoever.
Wheresoever,In what place soever; in whatever place; wherever.
Wherethrough,Through which.
Whereto,To which; -- used relatively.
Whereunto,Same as Whereto.
Whereupon,Upon which; in consequence of which; after which.
Wherever,At or in whatever place; wheresoever.
Wherewith,With which; -- used relatively.
Wherewithal,Wherewith.
Whereret,To hurry; to trouble; to tease.
Wherret,A box on the ear.
Wherries,of Wherry
Wherso,Wheresoever.
Whetted,of Whet
Whetting,of Whet
Whethering,The retention of the afterbirth in cows.
Whetile,The green woodpecker  or yaffle. See Yaffle.
Whetter,One who  or that which whets sharpens or stimulates.
Whettlebones,The vertebrae of the back.
Whewer,The European widgeon.
Wheyey,Of the nature of  or containing whey; resembling whey; wheyish.
Wheyface,One who is pale  as from fear.
Whey-faced,Having a pale or white face  as from fright.
Wheyish,Somewhat like whey; wheyey.
Which,Of what sort or kind; what; what a; who.
Whichever,Alt. of Whichsoever
Whider,Whither.
Whiffed,of Whiff
Whiffing,of Whiff
Whiffet,A little whiff or puff.
Whiffled,of Whiffle
Whiffling,of Whiffle
Whiffletree,Same as Whippletree.
Whiggarchy,Government by Whigs.
Whiggery,The principles or practices of the Whigs; Whiggism.
Whiggishly,In a Whiggish manner.
Whiggism,The principles of the Whigs.
Whigling,A petty or inferior Whig; -- used in contempt.
Whiled,of While
Whiling,of While
Whilere,A little while ago; recently; just now; erewhile.
Whiles,Meanwhile; meantime.
Whilk,A kind of mollusk  a whelk.
Whilom,Formerly; once; of old; erewhile; at times.
Whilst,While.
Whim,The European widgeon.
Whimling,One given to whims; hence  a weak childish person; a child.
Whimmy,Full of whims; whimsical.
Whimpered,of Whimper
Whimpering,of Whimper
Whimperer,One who whimpers.
Whimple,See Wimple.
Whimseys,of Whimsy
Whimsies,of Whimsy
Whimsey,Alt. of Whimsy
Whimsy,A whim; a freak; a capricious notion  a fanciful or odd conceit.
Whimsicality,The quality or state of being whimsical; whimsicalness.
Whimsically,In a whimsical manner; freakishly.
Whin,Gorse; furze. See Furze.
Whined,of Whine
Whining,of Whine
Whiner,One who  or that which whines.
Whinge,To whine.
Whiningly,In a whining manner; in a tone of mean complaint.
Whinner,To whinny.
Whinnied,of Whinny
Whinnying,of Whinny
Whinny,To utter the ordinary call or cry of a horse; to neigh.
Whinnies,of Whinny
Whinock,The small pig of a litter.
Whinyard,A sword  or hanger.
Whipped,of Whip
Whipping,of Whip
Whipgrafted,of Whipgraft
Whipgrafting,of Whipgraft
Whippersnapper,A diminutive  insignificant or presumptuous person.
Whipstaff,A bar attached to the tiller  for convenience in steering.
Whipstalk,A whipstock.
Whipster,A nimble little fellow; a whippersnapper.
Whipstick,Whip handle; whipstock.
Whipstitch,A tailor; -- so called in contempt.
Whipstock,The rod or handle to which the lash of a whip is fastened.
Whipt,Whipped.
Whirred,of Whir
Whirring,of Whir
Whirled,of Whirl
Whirling,of Whirl
Whirl-blast,A whirling blast or wind.
Whirlbone,The huckle bone.
Whirler,One who  or that which whirls.
Whirlicote,An open car or chariot.
Whirlpit,A whirlpool.
Whirlwig,A whirligig.
Whirry,To whir.
Whisk,A game at cards; whist.
Whisked,of Whisk
Whisking,of Whisk
Whiskerless,Being without whiskers.
Whisket,A basket; esp.  a straw provender basket.
Whiskey,Same as Whisky  a liquor.
Whiskeys,of Whisky
Whiskies,of Whisky
Whiskin,A shallow drinking bowl.
Whiskyfied,Alt. of Whiskeyfied
Whiskeyfied,Drunk with whisky; intoxicated.
Whisp,See Wisp.
Whispered,of Whisper
Whispering,of Whisper
Whisperer,One who whispers.
Whisperously,Whisperingly.
Whist,Be silent; be still; hush; silence.
Whistled,of Whistle
Whistling,of Whistle
Whistlewing,The American golden-eye.
Whistlewood,The moosewood  or striped maple. See Maple.
Whistlingly,In a whistling manner; shrilly.
Whistly,In a whist manner; silently.
Whited,of White
Whiting,of White
Whiteback,The canvasback.
Whitebeard,An old man; a graybeard.
Whitebelly,The American widgeon  or baldpate.
Whitebill,The American coot.
White-blaze,See White-face.
Whiteblow,Same as Whitlow grass  under Whitlow.
Whiteboy,A favorite.
Whiteboyism,The conduct or principle of the Whiteboys.
Whitecap,The European redstart; -- so called from its white forehead.
Whitecoat,The skin of a newborn seal; also  the seal itself.
White-ear,The wheatear.
Whiteflaw,A whitlow.
White-fronted,Having a white front; as  the white-fronted lemur.
Whitehead,The blue-winged snow goose.
White-heart,A somewhat heart-shaped cherry with a whitish skin.
White-hot,White with heat; heated to whiteness  or incandescence.
White-limed,Whitewashed or plastered with lime.
Whitely,Like  or coming near to white.
Whitened,of Whiten
Whitening,of Whiten
Whiterump,The American black-tailed godwit.
Whites,Leucorrh/a.
Whiteside,The golden-eye.
Whitester,A bleacher of linen; a whitener; a whitster.
Whitetail,The Virginia deer.
Whitethorn,The hawthorn.
Whitetop,Fiorin.
Whitewashed,of Whitewash
Whitewashing,of Whitewash
Whitewasher,One who whitewashes.
White-water,A dangerous disease of sheep.
Whitewing,The chaffinch; -- so called from the white bands on the wing.
Whitewort,Wild camomile.
Whitflaw,Whitlow.
Whither,To what place; -- used interrogatively; as  whither goest thou?
Whitherward,In what direction; toward what or which place.
Whitile,The yaffle.
Whiting-mop,A young whiting.
Whitish,Somewhat white; approaching white; white in a moderate degree.
Whitishness,The quality or state of being whitish or somewhat white.
Whitling,A young full trout during its second season.
Whitlow-wort,Same as Whitlow grass  under Whitlow.
Whitmonday,The day following Whitsunday; -- called also Whitsun Monday.
Whitneyite,an arsenide of copper from Lake Superior.
Whitson,See Whitsun.
Whitsour,A sort of apple.
Whitster,A whitener; a bleacher; a whitester.
Whitterick,The curlew.
Whittled,of Whittle
Whittling,of Whittle
Whittret,A weasel.
Whittuesday,The day following Whitmonday; -- called also Whitsun Tuesday.
Whitwall,Same as Whetile.
Whitworth ball,A prejectile used in the Whitworth gun.
Whity-brown,Of a color between white and brown.
Whizzed,of Whiz
Whizzing,of Whiz
Whizzingly,With a whizzing sound.
Whoa,Stop; stand; hold. See Ho  2.
Whobub,Hubbub.
Whole-hoofed,Having an undivided hoof  as the horse.
Whole-length,Representing the whole figure; -- said of a picture or statue.
Whole-souled,Thoroughly imbued with a right spirit; noble-minded; devoted.
Wholly,In a whole or complete manner; entirely; completely; perfectly.
Whom,The objective case of who. See Who.
Whomsoever,The objective of whosoever. See Whosoever.
Whoobub,Hubbub.
Whoop,The hoopoe.
Whooped,of Whoop
Whooping,of Whoop
Whooper,One who  or that which whooops.
Whoot,To hoot.
Whored,of Whore
Whoring,of Whore
Wheremaster,A man who practices lewdness; a lecher; a whoremonger.
Whoremasterly,Having the character of a whoremaster; lecherous; libidinous.
Whorler,A potter's wheel.
Whort,The whortleberry  or bilberry. See Whortleberry (a).
Whortle,The whortleberry  or bilberry.
Whose,The possessive case of who or which. See Who  and Which.
Whosesoever,The possessive of whosoever. See Whosoever.
Whoso,Whosoever.
Whosoever,Whatsoever person; any person whatever that; whoever.
Whot,Hot.
Whurry,To whisk along quickly; to hurry.
Whurt,See Whort.
Whydah bird,Alt. of Whydah finch
Whydah finch,The whidah bird.
Wich,A variant of 1st Wick.
Wick,Alt. of Wich
Wicke,Wicked.
Wicken tree,Same as Quicken tree.
Wickered,Made of  secured by or covered with wickers or wickerwork.
Wiclifite,Alt. of Wickliffite
Wickliffite,See Wyclifite.
Wicopy,See Leatherwood.
Widdy,A rope or halter made of flexible twigs  or withes as of birch.
Wide-awake,Fully awake; not drowsy or dull; hence  knowing; keen; alert.
Widegap,The angler; -- called also widegab  and widegut.
Widened,of Widen
Widening,of Widen
Widewhere,Widely; far and wide.
Widish,Moderately wide.
Widowed,of Widow
Widowing,of Widow
Widow bird,See Whidan bird.
Widower,A man who has lost his wife by death  and has not married again.
Widowerhood,The state of being a widower.
Widow-hunter,One who courts widows  seeking to marry one with a fortune.
Widowly,Becoming or like a widow.
Widow-maker,One who makes widows by destroying husbands.
Widual,Of or pertaining to a widow; vidual.
Widwe,A widow.
Wielded,of Wield
Wielding,of Wield
Wield,To govern; to rule; to keep  or have in charge; also to possess.
Wieldable,Capable of being wielded.
Wieldance,The act or power of wielding.
Wielder,One who wields or employs; a manager; a controller.
Wieldless,Not to be wielded; unmanageable; unwieldy.
Wieldsome,Admitting of being easily wielded or managed.
Wier,Same as Weir.
Wierangle,Same as Wariangle.
Wiery,Wet; moist; marshy.
Wives,of Wife
Wifehood,Womanhood.
Wifeless,Without a wife; unmarried.
Wifelike,Of  pertaining to or like a wife or a woman.
Wifely,Becoming or life; of or pertaining to a wife.
Wigged,of Wig
Wigging,of Wig
Wigeon,A widgeon.
Wigg,Alt. of Wig
Wiggery,A wig or wigs; false hair.
Wigher,To neigh; to whinny.
Wight,Weight.
Wightly,Swiftly; nimbly; quickly.
Wigless,Having or wearing no wig.
Wikke,Wicked.
Wildebeest,The gnu.
Wilded,Become wild.
Wildered,of Wilder
Wildering,of Wilder
Wilder,To bewilder; to perplex.
Wilderment,The state of being bewildered; confusion; bewilderment.
Wildgrave,A waldgrave  or head forest keeper. See Waldgrave.
Wildish,Somewhat wild; rather wild.
Wileful,Full of wiles; trickish; deceitful.
Wilful,Alt. of Wilfulness
Wilfully,Alt. of Wilfulness
Wilfulness,See Willful  Willfully and Willfulness.
Wiliness,The quality or state of being wily; craftiness; cunning; guile.
Wilk,See Whelk.
Would,of Will
Willed,of Will
Willing,of Will
Willer,One who wills.
Willful,Of set purpose; self-determined; voluntary; as  willful murder.
Willier,One who works at a willying machine.
Williwaw,Alt. of Willywaw
Willock,The common guillemot.
Will-o'-the-wisp,See Ignis fatuus.
Willower,A willow. See Willow  n. 2.
Willowish,Having the color of the willow; resembling the willow; willowy.
Willow-weed,A European species of loosestrife (Lysimachia vulgaris).
Willow-wort,Same as Willow-weed.
Willowy,Abounding with willows.
Willsome,Willful; obstinate.
Willy,A large wicker basket.
Willy nilly,See Will I  nill I etc. under 3d Will.
Wilne,To wish; to desire.
Wilt,2d pers. sing. of Will.
Wilting,of Wilt
Wilwe,Willow.
Wimble,An instrument for boring holes  turned by a handle.
Wimbled,of Wimble
Wimbling,of Wimble
Wimbrel,The whimbrel.
Wimpled,of Wimple
Wimpling,of Wimple
Won,of Win
Winning,of Win
Winced,of Wince
Wincing,of Wince
Wincer,One who  or that which winces shrinks or kicks.
Wincey,Linsey-woolsey.
Winch,To wince; to shrink; to kick with impatience or uneasiness.
Wound,of Wind
Winded,of Wind
Winding,of Wind
Windas,See 3d Windlass.
Windbore,The lower  or bottom pipe in a lift of pumps in a mine.
Windbound,prevented from sailing  by a contrary wind. See Weatherbound.
Wind-break,To break the wind of; to cause to lose breath; to exhaust.
Winder,One who  or that which winds; hence a creeping or winding plant.
Windfallen,Blown down by the wind.
Wind-fertilized,Anemophilous; fertilized by pollen borne by the wind.
Windhover,The kestrel; -- called also windbibber  windcuffer windfanner.
Windingly,In a winding manner.
Windlace,See Windlass.
Windlass,A winding and circuitous way; a roundabout course; a shift.
Windle,A spindle; a kind of reel; a winch.
Windless,Having no wind; calm.
Windlestrae,Alt. of Windlestraw
Windore,A window.
Windowed,of Window
Windowing,of Window
Windowless,Destitute of a window.
Windowpane,See Pane  n. (3) b.
Windowy,Having little crossings or openings like the sashes of a window.
Wind-plant,A windflower.
Windrowed,of Windrow
Windrowing,of Windrow
Windsor,A town in Berkshire  England.
Windstorm,A storm characterized by high wind with little or no rain.
Wind-sucker,A horse given to wind-sucking
Windtight,So tight as to prevent the passing through of wind.
Wineberry,The red currant.
Winebibber,One who drinks much wine.
Wineglass,A small glass from which to drink wine.
Wineglassfuls,of Wineglassful
Wineless,destitute of wine; as  wineless life.
Winery,A place where grapes are converted into wine.
Winged,of Wing
Winging,of Wing
Wing-leaved,Having pinnate or pinnately divided leaves.
Wingless,Having no wings; not able to ascend or fly.
Winglet,A little wing; a very small wing.
Wingmanship,Power or skill in flying.
Wingy,Having wings; rapid.
Winked,of Wink
Winking,of Wink
Wink,To nod; to sleep; to nap.
Winker,One who winks.
Winkingly,In a winking manner; with the eye almost closed.
Winkle,Any periwinkle.
Winkle-hawk,A rectangular rent made in cloth; -- called also winkle-hole.
Winnard 2,The redwing.
Winningly,In a winning manner.
Winningness,The quality or state of being winning.
Winninish,The land-locked variety of the common salmon.
Winnowed,of Winnew
Winnowing,of Winnew
Winnow,To separate chaff from grain.
Winrow,A windrow.
Winsing,Winsome.
Winsome,Cheerful; merry; gay; light-hearted.
Winsomeness,The characteristic of being winsome; attractiveness of manner.
Wintered,of Winter
Wintering,of Winter
Winter-beaten,Beaten or harassed by the severe weather of winter.
Wintergreen,A plant which keeps its leaves green through the winter.
Winterkilled,of Winterkill
Winterkilling,of Winterkill
Winter-proud,Having too rank or forward a growth for winter.
Winter-rig,To fallow or till in winter.
Wintertide,Winter time.
Wintery,Wintry.
Wipe,The lapwing.
Wiped,of Wipe
Wiping,of Wipe
Wiper,One who  or that which wipes.
Wirbled,of Wirble
Wirbling,of Wirble
Wirble,To whirl; to eddy.
Wirche,To work
Wired,of Wire
Wiring,of Wire
Wiredrew,of Wiredraw
Wiredrawn,of Wiredraw
Wiredrawing,of Wiredraw
Wire-drawer,One who draws metal into wire.
Wire-heel,A disease in the feet of a horse or other beast.
Wirework,Work  especially openwork formed of wires.
Wire-worker,One who manufactures articles from wire.
Wiriness,The quality of being wiry.
Wiry,Made of wire; like wire; drawn out like wire.
Wis,Certainly; really; indeed.
Wisard,See Wizard.
Wiseacre,A learned or wise man.
Wise-hearted,Wise; knowing; skillful; sapient; erudite; prudent.
Wise-like,Resembling that which is wise or sensible; judicious.
Wiseling,One who pretends to be wise; a wiseacre; a witling.
Wiseness,Wisdom.
Wished,of Wish
Wishing,of Wish
Wish,To have a desire or yearning; to long; to hanker.
Wishable,Capable or worthy of being wished for; desirable.
Wishedly,According to wish; conformably to desire.
Wisher,One who wishes or desires; one who expresses a wish.
Wishful,Having desire  or ardent desire; longing.
Wishly,According to desire; longingly; with wishes.
Wishtonwish,The prairie dog.
Wish-wash,Any weak  thin drink.
Wisket,A whisket  or basket.
Wisly,Certainly.
Wisp,A small bundle  as of straw or other like substance.
Wisped,of Wisp
Wisping,of Wisp
Wispen,Formed of a wisp  or of wisp; as a wispen broom.
Wisse,To show; to teach; to inform; to guide; to direct.
Wist,Knew.
Wistful,Longing; wishful; desirous.
Wistit,A small South American monkey; a marmoset.
Wistly,Attentively; observingly.
Wistonwish,See Wishtonwish.
Wit,of Wit
Wite,of Wit
Witched,of Witch
Witching,of Witch
Witch-elm,See Wych-elm.
Witcheries,of Witchery
Witchery,Sorcery; enchantment; witchcraft.
Witch-hazel,The wych-elm.
Witch-tree,The witch-hazel.
Witchuck,The sand martin  or bank swallow.
Wit-cracker,One who breaks jests; a joker.
Witcraft,Art or skill of the mind; contrivance; invention; wit.
Witeless,Blameless.
Witen,pl. pres. of Wit.
Witfish,The ladyfish (a).
Witful,Wise; sensible.
With,See Withe.
Withal,With this; with that.
Withamite,A variety of epidote  of a reddish color found in Scotland.
Withdrew,of Withdraw
Withdrawn,of Withdraw
Withdrawing,of Withdraw
Withdrawal,The act of withdrawing; withdrawment; retreat; retraction.
Withdrawer,One who withdraws; one who takes back  or retracts.
Withdrawment,The act of withdrawing; withdrawal.
Withed,of Withe
Withing,of Withe
Withered,of Wither
Withering,of Wither
Witherling,A withered person; one who is decrepit.
Wither-wrung,Injured or hurt in the withers  as a horse.
Withheld,of Withhold
Withholden,of Withhold
Withholding,of Withhold
Withhold,To hold back; to restrain; to keep from action.
Withholder,One who withholds.
Withholdment,The act of withholding.
Withinforth,Within; inside; inwardly.
Withinside,In the inner parts; inside.
Without,On or at the outside of; out of; not within; as  without doors.
Without-door,Outdoor; exterior.
Withouten,Without.
Withoutforth,Without; outside' outwardly. Cf. Withinforth.
Withsay,To contradict; to gainsay; to deny; to renounce.
Withset,To set against; to oppose.
Withstood,of Withstand
Withstanding,of Withstand
Withstander,One who withstands  or opposes; an opponent; a resisting power.
Withvine,Quitch grass.
Withwind,A kind of bindweed (Convolvulus arvensis).
Withwine,Same as Withvine.
Withies,of Withy
Withy,The osier willow (Salix viminalis). See Osier  n. (a).
Witing,Knowledge.
Witness,Attestation of a fact or an event; testimony.
Witnessed,of Witness
Witnessing,of Witness
Witnesser,One who witness.
Wit-snapper,One who affects repartee; a wit-cracker.
Wit-starved,Barren of wit; destitute of genius.
Witted,Having (such) a wit or understanding; as  a quick-witted boy.
Witticaster,A witling.
Wittified,Possessed of wit; witty.
Wittiness,The quality of being witty.
Wittingly,Knowingly; with knowledge; by design.
Wittol,The wheatear.
Wittolly,Like a wittol; cuckoldly.
Witts,Tin ore freed from earthy matter by stamping.
Witwal,Alt. of Witwall
Witwall,The golden oriole.
Witworm,One who  or that which feeds on or destroys wit.
Wived,of Wive
Wiving,of Wive
Wive,To marry  as a man; to take a wife.
Wivehood,Wifehood.
Wiveless,Wifeless.
Wively,Wifely.
Wiver,Alt. of Wivern
Wizard,A wise man; a sage.
Wizardly,Resembling or becoming a wizard; wizardlike; weird.
Wizardry,The character or practices o/ wizards; sorcery; magic.
Wizen,To wither; to dry.
Wizen-faced,Having a shriveled  thin withered face.
Wlatsome,Loathsome; disgusting; hateful.
Wo,See Woe.
Woaded,Colored or stained with woad.
Woald,See Weld.
Wobble,See Wabble.
Wode,Mad. See Wood  a.
Wodegeld,A geld  or payment for wood.
Woe,Grief; sorrow; misery; heavy calamity.
Woeful,Alt. of Woful
Woefully,Alt. of Wofully
Woefulness,Alt. of Wofulness
Wofulness,The quality or state of being woeful; misery; wretchedness.
Woesome,Woeful.
Wol,See 2d Will.
Wold,A wood; a forest.
Wolde,imp. of Will. See Would.
Wolves,of Wolf
Wolfkin,A little or young wolf.
Wolfling,A young wolf.
Wolfram,Same as Wolframite.
Wolframate,A salt of wolframic acid; a tungstate.
Wolframic,Of or pertaining to wolframium. See Tungstic.
Wolframium,The technical name of the element tungsten. See Tungsten.
Wolf's-claw,A kind of club moss. See Lycopodium.
Wolf's-foot,Club moss. See Lycopodium.
Woll,See 2d Will.
Wolle,Wool.
Wolverene,Alt. of Wolverine
Wolverine,The glutton.
Wolvish,Wolfish.
Women,of Woman
Womanhead,Alt. of Womanhede
Womanhede,Womanhood.
Womanize,To make like a woman; to make effeminate.
Womankind,The females of the human race; women  collectively.
Womanless,Without a woman or women.
Womanlike,Like a woman; womanly.
Womanliness,The quality or state of being womanly.
Womanly,Becoming a woman; feminine; as  womanly behavior.
Womb,The belly; the abdomen.
Womby,Capacious.
Wondered,of Wonder
Wondering,of Wonder
Wonderer,One who wonders.
Wonderingly,In a wondering manner.
Wonderland,A land full of wonders  or marvels.
Wonderly,Wonderfully; wondrously.
Wonderment,Surprise; astonishment; a wonderful appearance; a wonder.
Wonderous,Same as Wondrous.
Wonders,See Wondrous.
Wonderstruck,Struck with wonder  admiration or surprise.
Wonderwork,A wonderful work or act; a prodigy; a miracle.
Wonder-worker,One who performs wonders  or miracles.
Wonder-working,Doing wonders or surprising things.
Wondrous,In a wonderful or surprising manner or degree; wonderfully.
Wone,To dwell; to abide.
Wong,A field.
Wonger,See Wanger.
Woning,Dwelling.
Won't,A colloquial contraction of woll not. Will not. See Will.
Wont,Using or doing customarily; accustomed; habituated; used.
Wonted,of Wont
Wonting,of Wont
Wontedness,The quality or state of being accustomed.
Wontless,Unaccustomed.
Wooed,of Woo
Wooing,of Woo
Woo,To solicit in love; to court.
Wood,Mad; insane; possessed; rabid; furious; frantic.
Wooded,of Wood
Wooding,of Wood
Woodbind,Woodbine.
Wood-bound,Incumbered with tall  woody hedgerows.
Woodcracker,The nuthatch.
Woodcutter,A person who cuts wood.
Woodcutting,The act or employment of cutting wood or timber.
Woodenly,Clumsily; stupidly; blockishly.
Woodenness,Quality of being wooden; clumsiness; stupidity; blockishness.
Woodhack,Alt. of Woodhacker
Woodhacker,The yaffle.
Woodnewer,A woodpecker.
Woodhole,A place where wood is stored.
Woodiness,The quality or state of being woody.
Woodknacker,The yaffle.
Woodlander,A dweller in a woodland.
Woodless,Having no wood; destitute of wood.
Woodly,In a wood  mad or raving manner; madly; furiously.
Woodmen,of Woodman
Woodmeil,See Wadmol.
Woodmonger,A wood seller.
Woodness,Anger; madness; insanity; rage.
Wood-note,A wild or natural note  as of a forest bird.
Woodpeck,A woodpecker.
Woodrock,A compact woodlike variety of asbestus.
Woodruff,Alt. of Woodroof
Wood-sare,A kind of froth seen on herbs.
Wood-sere,The time when there no sap in the trees; the winter season.
Woodsmen,of Woodsman
Woodsman,A woodman; especially  one who lives in the forest.
Woodstone,A striped variety of hornstone  resembling wood in appearance.
Woodsy,Of or pertaining to the woods or forest.
Woodwall,The yaffle.
Woodward,An officer of the forest  whose duty it was to guard the woods.
Wood-wash,Alt. of Wood-waxen
Wood-wax,Alt. of Wood-waxen
Wood-waxen,Same as Woadwaxen.
Woodworm,See Wood worm  under Wood.
Woody,Abounding with wood or woods; as  woody land.
Wooer,One who wooes; one who courts or solicits in love; a suitor.
Woofell,The European blackbird.
Woofy,Having a close texture; dense; as  a woofy cloud.
Woohoo,The sailfish.
Wooingly,In a wooing manner; enticingly; with persuasiveness.
Wook,Woke.
Woolded,of Woold
Woolding,of Woold
Woolder,A stick used to tighten the rope in woolding.
Wooled,Having (such) wool; as  a fine-wooled sheep.
Woolen,Made of wool; consisting of wool; as  woolen goods.
Woolenet,A thin  light fabric of wool.
Woolert,The barn owl.
Woolgrower,One who raises sheep for the production of wool.
Wool-hall,A trade market in the woolen districts.
Woolhead,The buffel duck.
Woolliness,The quality or state of being woolly.
Woolly,Consisting of wool; as  a woolly covering; a woolly fleece.
Woolly-head,A negro.
Woolmen,of Woolman
Woolman,One who deals in wool.
Woolpack,A pack or bag of wool weighing two hundred and forty pounds.
Woolsey,Linsey-woolsey.
Woolstock,A heavy wooden hammer for milling cloth.
Woolward,In wool; with woolen raiment next the skin.
Woon,Dwelling. See Wone.
Woorali,Same as Curare.
Woosy,Oozy; wet.
Wooyen,See Yuen.
Wopen,Wept.
Worble,See Wormil.
Worded,of Word
Wording,of Word
Wordbook,A collection of words; a vocabulary; a dictionary; a lexicon.
Word-catcher,One who cavils at words.
Worder,A speaker.
Wordily,In a wordy manner.
Wordish,Respecting words; full of words; wordy.
Wordless,Not using words; not speaking; silent; speechless.
Wordsman,One who deals in words  or in mere words; a verbalist.
Worked,of Work
Wrought,of Work
Working,of Work
Workaday,See Workyday.
Workbasket,A basket for holding materials for needlework  or the like.
Workbench,A bench on which work is performed  as in a carpenter's shop.
Workbox,A box for holding instruments or materials for work.
Workfellow,One engaged in the same work with another; a companion in work.
Workfolk,People that labor.
Workful,Full of work; diligent.
Workhouses,of Workhouse
Workhouse,A house where any manufacture is carried on; a workshop.
Workingmen,of Workingman
Workless,Without work; not laboring; as  many people were still workless.
Workmen,of Workman
Workmaster,The performer of any work; a master workman.
Workroom,Any room or apartment used especially for labor.
Workship,Workmanship.
Workshop,A shop where any manufacture or handiwork is carried on.
Workwomen,of Workwoman
World-wide,Extended throughout the world; as  world-wide fame.
Worldlywise,Wise in regard to things of this world.
Wormed,of Worm
Worming,of Worm
Wormal,See Wormil.
Wormhole,A burrow made by a worm.
Wormian,Discovered or described by Olanus Wormius  a Danish anatomist.
Wormling,A little worm.
Worm-shell,Any species of Vermetus.
Wormul,See Wornil.
Wormy,Containing a worm; abounding with worms.
Wornil,See Wormil.
Worn-out,Consumed  or rendered useless by wearing; as worn-out garments.
Worral,Alt. of Worrel
Worrier,One who worries.
Worriment,Trouble; anxiety; worry.
Worrisome,Inclined to worry or fret; also  causing worry or annoyance.
Worrit,To worry; to annoy.
Worried,of Worry
Worrying,of Worry
Worries,of Worry
Worryingly,In a worrying manner.
Worsen,To make worse; to deteriorate; to impair.
Worser,Worse.
Worship,Excellence of character; dignity; worth; worthiness.
Worshiped,of Worship
Worshipped,of Worship
Worshiping,of Worship
Worshipping,of Worship
Worshipability,The quality of being worthy to be worshiped.
Worshipable,Capable of being worshiped; worthy of worship.
Worsted,of Worst
Worsting,of Worst
Wort,A plant of any kind.
Worthful,Full of worth; worthy; deserving.
worthwhile,Worth the time or effort spent.
Worthies,of Worthy
Wost,2d pers. sing. pres. of Wit  to know.
Wotest,Alt. of Wottest
Wottest,2d pers. sing. pres. of Wit  to know.
Woteth,Alt. of Wotteth
Wotteth,3d pers. sing. pres. of Wit  to know.
Woul,To howl.
Woulding,Emotion of desire; inclination; velleity.
Wouldingness,Willingness; desire.
Wounded,of Wound
Wounding,of Wound
Woundable,Capable of being wounded; vulnerable.
Wounder,One who  or that which wounds.
Woundily,In a woundy manner; excessively; woundy.
Woundy,Excessive.
Wourali,Same as Curare.
Wou-wou,The agile  or silvery gibbon; -- called also camper. See Gibbon.
Wowe,To woo.
Wowf,Disordered or unsettled in intellect; deranged.
Wowke,Week.
Wow-wow,See Wou-wou.
Wox,imp. of Wax.
Woxen,p. p. of Wax.
Wrack,A thin  flying cloud; a rack.
Wrackful,Ruinous; destructive.
Wrain-bolt,Same as Wringbolt.
Wrangled,of Wrangle
Wrangling,of Wrangle
Wrangle,To argue; to debate; to dispute.
Wrangler,An angry disputant; one who disputes with heat or peevishness.
Wranglesome,Contentious; quarrelsome.
Wrannock,Alt. of Wranny
Wranny,The common wren.
Wrap,To snatch up; transport; -- chiefly used in the p. p. wrapt.
Wrapped,of Wrap
Wrapt,of Wrap
Wrapping,of Wrap
Wrappage,The act of wrapping.
Wrapper,One who  or that which wraps.
Wraprascal,A kind of coarse upper coat  or overcoat formerly worn.
Wrastle,To wrestle.
Wrathily,In a wrathy manner; very angrily; wrathfully.
Wrathless,Free from anger or wrath.
Wrathy,Very angry.
Wraw,Angry; vexed; wrathful.
Wrawful,Ill-tempered.
Wrawl,To cry  as a cat; to waul.
Wrawness,Peevishness; ill temper; anger.
Wray,To reveal; to disclose.
Wreak,To reck; to care.
Wreaked,of Wreak
Wreaking,of Wreak
Wreaken,p. p. of Wreak.
Wreaker,Avenger.
Wreakful,Revengeful; angry; furious.
Wreakless,Unrevengeful; weak.
Wreaths,of Wreath
Wreathed,of Wreathe
Wreathen,of Wreathe
Wreathing,of Wreathe
Wreathe,To cause to revolve or writhe; to twist about; to turn.
Wreathless,Destitute of a wreath.
Wreath-shell,A marine shell of the genus Turbo. See Turbo.
Wreathy,Wreathed; twisted; curled; spiral; also  full of wreaths.
Wrecche,A wretch.
Wreche,Wreak.
Wreck,See 2d & 3d Wreak.
Wrecked,of Wreck
Wrecking,of Wreck
Wreckage,The act of wrecking  or state of being wrecked.
Wrecker,One who causes a wreck  as by false lights and the like.
Wreckfish,A stone bass.
Wreckful,Causing wreck; involving ruin; destructive.
Wreke,Alt. of Wreeke
Wreeke,See 2d Wreak.
Wrench,Trick; deceit; fraud; stratagem.
Wrenched,of Wrench
Wrenching,of Wrench
Wrested,of Wrest
Wresting,of Wrest
Wrester,One who wrests.
Wrestled,of Wrestle
Wrestling,of Wrestle
Wrestler,One who wrestles; one who is skillful in wrestling.
Wretch,A miserable person; one profoundly unhappy.
Wretchedly,In a wretched manner; miserably; despicable.
Wretchedness,The quality or state of being wretched; utter misery.
Wretchful,Wretched.
Wretchless,Reckless; hence  disregarded.
Wrey,See Wray.
Wrie,See Wry.
Wrig,To wriggle.
Wriggled,of Wriggle
Wriggling,of Wriggle
Wriggler,One who  or that which wriggles.
Wrung,of Wring
Wringed,of Wring
Wringing,of Wring
Wringer,One who  or that which wrings; hence an extortioner.
Wringstaves,of Wringstaff
Wringstaff,A strong piece of plank used in applying wringbolts.
Wrinkle,A winkle.
Wrinkled,of Wrinkle
Wrinkling,of Wrinkle
Wrister,A covering for the wrist.
Writ,3d pers. sing. pres. of Write  for writeth.
Writability,Ability or capacity to write.
Writable,Capable of  or suitable for being written down.
Writative,Inclined to much writing; -- correlative to talkative.
Wrote,of Write
Written,of Write
Writing,of Write
Writer,One who writes  or has written; a scribe; a clerk.
Writership,The office of a writer.
Writhed,of Writhe
Writhen,of Writhe
Writhing,of Writhe
Writhle,To wrinkle.
Wrizzle,To wrinkle.
Wroken,p. p. of Wreak.
Wrong,imp. of Wring. Wrung.
Wronged,of Wrong
Wronging,of Wrong
Wrongdoer,One who injures another  or who does wrong.
Wrongdoing,Evil or wicked behavior or action.
Wronger,One who wrongs or injures another.
Wronghead,A person of a perverse understanding or obstinate character.
Wrongless,Not wrong; void or free from wrong.
Wrongness,The quality or state of being wrong; wrongfulness; error; fault.
Wrongous,Constituting  or of the nature of a wrong; unjust; wrongful.
Wrong-timed,Done at an improper time; ill-timed.
Wroot,imp. of Write. Wrote.
Wroth,Full of wrath; angry; incensed; much exasperated; wrathful.
Wry,To cover.
Wried,of Wry
Wrying,of Wry
Wrybill,See Crookbill.
Wrynecked,Having a distorted neck; having the deformity called wryneck.
Wryness,The quality or state of being wry  or distorted.
Wrythen,Writhen.
Wull,See 2d Will.
Wung-out,Having the sails set in the manner called wing-and-wing.
Wurmal,See Wormil.
Wurraluh,The Australian white-quilled honey eater (Entomyza albipennis).
Wust,Alt. of Wuste
Wuste,imp. of Wit.
Wyandots,Same as Hurons.
Wyclifite,Alt. of Wycliffite
Wycliffite,A follower of Wyclif  the English reformer; a Lollard.
Wyd,Wide.
Wyes,of Wye
Wye,The letter Y.
Wyke,Week.
Wynd,A narrow lane or alley.
Wynkernel,The European moor hen.
Wynn,A kind of timber truck  or carriage.
Wype,The wipe  or lapwing.
Wythe,Same as Withe  n. 4.
Wys,Wise.
Wyte,Alt. of Wyten
Wyten,pl. pres. of Wit.
Wyvern,Same as Wiver.
Xanthate,A salt of xanthic; a xanthogenate.
Xanthelasma,See Xanthoma.
Xanthide,A compound or derivative of xanthogen.
Xanthidia,of Xanthidium
Xanthocarpous,Having yellow fruit.
Xanthodontous,Having yellow teeth.
Xanthogenate,A salt of xanthic acid.
Xanthopous,Having a yellow stipe  or stem.
Xanthosis,The yellow discoloration often observed in cancerous tumors.
Xanthospermous,Having yellow seeds.
Xeme,An Arctic fork-tailed gull (Xema Sabinii).
Xenia,of Xenium
Xenodochium,A house for the reception of strangers.
Xenodochy,Reception of strangers; hospitality.
Xenogamy,Cross fertilization.
Xenogenesis,Same as Heterogenesis.
Xenurine,A cabassou.
Xenyl,The radical characteristic of xenylic compounds.
Xeres,Sherry. See Sherry.
Xerif,A shereef.
Xeroderma,Ichthyosis.
Xeronate,A salt of xeronic acid.
Xerophilous,Drought-loving; able withstand the absence or lack of moisture.
Xerophthalmy,Xerophthalmia.
Xiphias,A genus of fishes comprising the common swordfish.
Xiphiplastra,of Xiphiplastron
Xiphisterna,of Xiphisternum
Xiphoid,Like a sword; ensiform.
Xiphoidian,Xiphoid.
Xiphophyllous,Having sword-shaped leaves.
Xiphosura,See Xiphura.
Xiphura,Same as Limuloidea. Called also Xiphosura.
Xylate,A salt of xylic acid.
Xylite,A liquid hydrocarbon found in crude wood spirits.
Xylo-,A combining form from Gr. xy`lon wood; as in xylogen  xylograph.
Xylobalsamum,The dried twigs of a Syrian tree (Balsamodendron Gileadense).
Xylocarpous,Bearing fruit which becomes hard or woody.
Xylogen,Nascent wood; wood cells in a forming state.
Xylographer,One who practices xylography.
Xylographic,Alt. of Xylographical
Xylographical,Of or pertaining to xylography  or wood engraving.
Xylography,The art of engraving on wood.
Xyloid,Resembling wood; having the nature of wood.
Xylol,Same as Xylene.
Xylonite,See Zylonite.
Xylophagan,One of a tribe of beetles whose larvae bore or live in wood.
Xylophilous,Of or pertaining to the xylophilans.
Xylotile,Same as Parkesine.
Xyst,Alt. of Xystus
Xystarch,An office/ having the superintendence of the xyst.
Xyster,An instrument for scraping bones.
Y's,of Y
Ys,of Y
Y-,Alt. of I-
Ya,Yea.
Yachter,One engaged in sailing a jacht.
Yachting,Sailing for pleasure in a yacht.
Yachtman,See Yachtsman.
Yachtsmen,of Yachtsman
Yachtsman,One who owns or sails a yacht; a yachter.
Yaf,Gave. See Give.
Yaffingale,The yaffle.
Yaguarundi,Same as Jaguarondi.
Yajur-Veda,See Veda.
Yakamilk,See Trumpeter  3 (a).
Yakare,Same as Yacare.
Yaksha,A kind of demigod attendant on Kuvera  the god of wealth.
Yalah,The oil of the mahwa tree.
Yamma,The llama.
Yang,The cry of the wild goose; a honk.
Yank,A jerk or twitch.
Yanked,of Yank
Yanking,of Yank
Yankeeism,A Yankee idiom  word custom or the like.
Yaourt,A fermented drink  or milk beer made by the Turks.
Yap,To bark; to yelp.
Yapon,Same as Yaupon.
Yard,A rod; a stick; a staff.
Yardfuls,of Yardful
Yardful,As much as a yard will contain; enough to fill a yard.
Yardwand,A yardstick.
Yare,Ready; dexterous; eager; lively; quick to move.
Yarely,In a yare manner.
Yark,To yerk.
Yarke,Same as Saki.
Yarnen,Made of yarn; consisting of yarn.
Yarnut,See Yernut.
Yarr,To growl or snarl as a dog.
Yarrish,Having a rough  dry taste.
Yate,A gate. See 1st Gate.
Yaud,See Yawd.
Yaul,See Yawl.
Yaulp,To yaup.
Yaup,To cry out like a child; to yelp.
Yauper,One who  or that which yaups.
Yawed,of Yaw
Yawing,of Yaw
Yawd,A jade; an old horse or mare.
Yawl,A small ship's boat  usually rowed by four or six oars.
Yawned,of Yawn
Yawning,of Yawn
Yawningly,In a yawning manner.
Yawp,See Yaup.
Ybe,Been.
Ydo,Done.
Ydrad,Dreaded.
Ye,Alt. of Ye
Yen,of Ye
Yeaned,of Yean
Yeaning,of Yean
Yean,To bring forth young  as a goat or a sheep; to ean.
Yeanling,A lamb or a kid; an eanling.
Yeared,Containing years; having existed or continued many years; aged.
Yearned,of Yearn
Yearning,of Yearn
Yearn,To pain; to grieve; to vex.
Yearnful,Desirous.
Yearningly,With yearning.
Yearth,The earth.
Yeastiness,The quality or state of being yeasty  or frothy.
Yeasty,Frothy; foamy; spumy  like yeast.
Yedding,The song of a minstrel; hence  any song.
Yede,Went. See Yode.
Yeel,An eel.
Yeldhall,Guildhall.
Yeldrin,Alt. of Yeldrine
Yeldrine,The yellow-hammer; -- called also yeldrock  and yoldrin.
Yelk,Same as Yolk.
Yelled,of Yell
Yelling,of Yell
Yellowed,of Yellow
Yellowing,of Yellow
Yellowammer,See Yellow-hammer.
Yellowbill,The American scoter.
Yellowbird,The American goldfinch  or thistle bird. See Goldfinch.
Yellow-covered,Covered or bound in yellow paper.
Yellow-eyed,Having yellow eyes.
Yellowfin,A large squeteague.
Yellow-golds,A certain plant  probably the yellow oxeye.
Yellowish,Somewhat yellow; as  amber is of a yellowish color.
Yellowroot,Any one of several plants with yellow roots.
Yellowseed,A kind of pepper grass (Lepidium campestre).
Yellowshanks,Alt. of Yellowshins
Yellowshins,See Yellolegs.
Yellowtop,A kind of grass  perhaps a species of Agrostis.
Yelped,of Yelp
Yelping,of Yelp
Yelp,To boast.
Yelper,An animal that yelps  or makes a yelping noise.
Yeman,A yeoman.
Yend,To throw; to cast.
Yeomen,of Yeoman
Yeomanlike,Resembling  or suitable to a yeoman; yeomanly.
Yeomanry,The position or rank of a yeoman.
Yeorling,The European yellow-hammer.
Yer,Ere; before.
Yerba,An herb; a plant.
Yerd,See 1st & 2d Yard.
Yerked,of Yerk
Yerking,of Yerk
Yern,See 3d Yearn.
Yerne,Eagerly; briskly; quickly.
Yernut,An earthnut  or groundnut. See Groundnut (d).
Yerst,See Erst.
Yest,See Yeast.
Yester,Last; last past; next before; of or pertaining to yesterday.
Yesterday,The day last past; the day next before the present.
Yestereve,Alt. of Yester-evening
Yester-evening,The evening of yesterday; the evening last past.
Yestermorn,Alt. of Yester-morning
Yester-morning,The morning of yesterday.
Yestern,Of or pertaining to yesterday; relating to the day last past.
Yesternight,The last night; the night last past.
Yesternoon,The noon of yesterday; the noon last past.
Yesterweek,The week last past; last week.
Yesteryear,The year last past; last year.
Yestreen,Yester-evening; yesternight; last night.
Yesty,See Yeasty.
Yeve,To give.
Yeven,Given.
Yew,See Yaw.
Yewen,Made of yew; as  yewen bows.
Yex,To hiccough.
Yezdi,Same as Izedi.
Yezidee,Alt. of Yezidi
Yezidi,Same as Izedi.
Yfere,Together. See Ifere.
Ygdrasyl,See in the Dictionary of Noted Names in Fiction.
Yghe,Eye.
Ygo,Gone.
Yground,p. p. of Grind.
Yholde,p. p. of Hold.
Yielded,of Yield
Yold,of Yield
Yielding,of Yield
Yieldable,Disposed to yield or comply.
Yieldance,The act of producing; yield; as  the yieldance of the earth.
Yielder,One who yields.
Yieldless,Without yielding; unyielding.
Yift,Gift.
Yin,A Chinese weight of 2/ pounds.
Yis,Yes.
Yit,Yet.
Yite,The European yellow-hammer.
Yive,To give.
Yle,Isle.
Y level,See under Y  n.
Yliche,Alt. of Ylike
Ylike,Like; alike.
Yllanraton,The agouara.
Ymaked,Made.
Ymel,Among.
Ynough,Alt. of Ynow
Ynow,Enough.
Yockel,The yaffle.
Yode,Went; walked; proceeded.
Yodeled,of Yodle
Yodled,of Yodle
Yodeling,of Yodle
Yodling,of Yodle
Yodel,Alt. of Yodle
Yodler,One who yodels.
Yogi,A follower of the yoga philosophy; an ascetic.
Yoicks,A cry of encouragement to foxhounds.
Yoit,The European yellow-hammer.
Yoked,of Yoke
Yoking,of Yoke
Yokeage,See Rokeage.
Yokel,A country bumpkin.
Yokemate,Same as Yokefellow.
Yolden,Yielded.
Yolk,The yellow part of an egg; the vitellus.
Yoll,To yell.
Yon,At a distance  but within view; yonder.
Yond,Furious; mad; angry; fierce.
Yonder,At a distance  but within view.
Yonker,A young fellow; a younker.
Yore,In time long past; in old time; long since.
Yorker,A tice.
Yorkshire,A county in the north of England.
Yot,To unite closely.
Yote,To pour water on; to soak in  or mix with water.
Youl,To yell; to yowl.
Youngger,One who is younger; an inferior in age; a junior.
Youngish,Somewhat young.
Youngling,A young person; a youth; also  any animal in its early life.
Youngly,Like a young person or thing; young; youthful.
Youngness,The quality or state of being young.
Youngster,A young person; a youngling; a lad.
Youngth,Youth.
Youngthly,Pertaining to  or resembling youth; youthful.
Younker,A young person; a stripling; a yonker.
Youpon,Same as Yaupon.
Your,The form of the possessive case of the personal pronoun you.
Yours,See the Note under Your.
Yourselves,of Yourself
Youths,of Youth
Youth,of Youth
Youthful,Not yet mature or aged; young.
Youthhood,The quality or state of being a youth; the period of youth.
Youthly,Young; youthful.
Youthsome,Youthful.
Youthy,Young.
Youze,The cheetah.
Yow,You.
Yowe,A ewe.
Yowley,The European yellow-hammer.
Yox,See Yex.
Ypight,See Pight.
Ypocras,Hippocras.
Ypsiloid,In the form of the letter Y; Y-shaped.
Yraft,Bereft.
Yren,Iron.
Yronne,Run.
Ysame,Together.
Yt,Alt. of Yt
Ythrowe,p. p. of Throw.
Ytterbic,Pertaining to  or derived from ytterbium; containing ytterbium.
Yttria,The oxide  Y2O3 or earth of yttrium.
Yttric,Pertaining to  derived from or containing yttrium.
Yttrious,Same as Yttric.
Yttro-columbite,Alt. of Yttro-tantalite
Yu,Jade.
Yucca,See Flicker  n. 2.
Yuck,To itch.
Yuckel,Same as Yockel.
Yufts,Russia leather.
Yug,Alt. of Yuga
Yuke,Same as Yuck.
Yuletide,Christmas time; Christmastide; the season of Christmas.
Yunx,A genus of birds comprising the wrynecks.
Yupon,Same as Yaupon.
Yux,See Yex  n.
Yvel,Evil; ill.
Ywar,Aware; wary.
Ywis,Certainly; most likely; truly; probably.
Zabaism,Alt. of Zabism
Zabism,See Sabianism.
Zabian,See Sabian.
Zacco,See Zocco.
Zaerthe,Same as Z/rthe.
Zaimet,A district from which a Zaim draws his revenue.
Zambos,of Zambo
Zamindary,Alt. of Zamindari
Zamite,A fossil cycad of the genus Zamia.
Zandmole,The sand mole.
Zante,See Zantewood.
Zantiot,A native or inhabitant of Zante  one of the Ionian Islands.
Zanies,of Zany
Zany,A merry-andrew; a buffoon.
Zanyism,State or character of a zany; buffoonery.
Zaphara,Zaffer.
Zapotilla,See Sapodilla.
Zaptiah,A Turkish policeman.
Zarathustrian,Alt. of Zarathustric
Zarathustric,Of or pertaining to Zarathustra  or Zoroaster; Zoroastrian.
Zarathustrism,See Zoroastrianism.
Zarthe,A European bream (Abramis vimba).
Zax,A tool for trimming and puncturing roofing slates.
Zayat,A public shed  or portico for travelers worshipers etc.
Zealant,One who is zealous; a zealot; an enthusiast.
Zealed,Full of zeal; characterized by zeal.
Zealful,Full of zeal.
Zealless,Wanting zeal.
Zealotical,Like  or suitable to a zealot; ardently zealous.
Zealotism,The character or conduct of a zealot; zealotry.
Zealotist,A zealot.
Zebec,See Xebec.
Zebrine,Pertaining to  or resembling the zebra.
Zechin,See Sequin.
Zed,The letter Z; -- called also zee  and formerly izzard.
Zeekoe,A hippopotamus.
Zemindar,Same as Zamindar.
Zemindary,Alt. of Zemindari
Zemindari,Same as Zamindary.
Zenana,The part of a dwelling appropriated to women.
Zenik,See Zenick.
Zenithal,Of or pertaining to the zenith.
Zeolitiform,Having the form of a zeolite.
Zephyr,The west wind; poetically  any soft gentle breeze.
Zequin,See Sequin.
Zerda,The fennec.
Zeriba,Same as Zareba.
Zeros,of Zero
Zeroes,of Zero
Zero,A cipher; nothing; naught.
Zested,of Zest
Zesting,of Zest
Zeta,A Greek letter corresponding to our z.
Zetetic,Seeking; proceeding by inquiry.
Zeuglodont,Any species of Zeuglodonta.
Zeuglodonta,Same as Phocodontia.
Zeugmatic,Of or pertaining to zeugma; characterized by zeugma.
Zeugobranchiata,Same as Zygobranchia.
Zeylanite,See Ceylanite.
Zibet,Alt. of Zibeth
Zigger,Alt. of Zighyr
Zighyr,Same as Sicker.
Zigzag,Something that has short turns or angles.
Zigzagged,of Zigzag
Zigzagging,of Zigzag
Zigzaggery,The quality or state of being zigzag; crookedness.
Zigzaggy,Having sharp turns.
Zillah,A district or local division  as of a province.
Zincked,of Zinc
Zinced,of Zinc
Zincking,of Zinc
Zincing,of Zinc
Zincane,Zinc chloride.
Zincic,Pertaining to  containing or resembling zinc; zincous.
Zincide,A binary compound of zinc.
Zinciferous,Containing or affording zinc.
Zincify,To coat or impregnate with zinc.
Zincky,Pertaining to zinc  or having its appearance.
Zincode,The positive electrode of an electrolytic cell; anode.
Zincographer,An engraver on zinc.
Zincongraphic,Alt. of Zincongraphical
Zincongraphical,Of or pertaining to zincography; as  zincographic processes.
Zincous,Of  pertaining to or containing zinc; zincic; as zincous salts.
Zingari,of Zingaro
Zingaro,A gypsy.
Zink,See Zinc.
Zinkenite,A steel-gray metallic mineral  a sulphide of antimony and lead.
Zinky,See Zincky.
Zinsang,The delundung.
Zinziberaceous,Same as Zingiberaceous.
Ziphioid,See Xiphioid.
Zircona,Zirconia.
Zirconate,A salt of zirconic acid.
Zircono,See Zirco-.
Zittern,See Cittern.
Zizel,The suslik.
Zoantharia,Same as Anthozoa.
Zoantharian,Of or pertaining to the Zoantharia.
Zoanthodeme,The zooids of a compound anthozoan  collectively.
Zoanthoid,Of or pertaining to the Zoanthacea.
Zocle,Same as Socle.
Zocco,Alt. of Zoccolo
Zoccolo,Same as Socle.
Zoic,Of or pertaining to animals  or animal life.
Zoide,See Meride.
Zomboruk,See Zumbooruk.
Zonae,of Zona
Zona,A zone or band; a layer.
Zonal,Of or pertaining to a zone; having the form of a zone or zones.
Zonaria,A division of Mammalia in which the placenta is zonelike.
Zone,A girdle; a cincture.
Zoned,Wearing a zone  or girdle.
Zoneless,Not having a zone; ungirded.
Zonnar,See Zonar.
Zonular,Of or pertaining to a zone; zone-shaped.
Zonule,A little zone  or girdle.
Zonulet,A zonule.
Zoochemical,Pertaining to zoochemistry.
Zoochemy,Animal chemistry; zoochemistry.
Zoocytia,of Zoocytium
Zoodendria,of Zoodendrium
Zooecia,of Zooecium
Zoogamous,Of or pertaining zoogamy.
Zoogamy,The sexual reproduction of animals.
Zoogenic,Of or pertaining to zoogeny  animal production.
Zoogeny,Alt. of Zoogony
Zoogony,The doctrine of the formation of living beings.
Zoogeographical,Of or pertaining to zoography.
Zoographer,One who describes animals  their forms and habits.
Zoographic,Alt. of Zoographical
Zoographical,Of or pertaining to the description of animals.
Zoographist,A zoographer.
Zoography,A description of animals  their forms and habits.
Zooid,Pertaining to  or resembling an animal.
Zooidal,Of or pertaining to a zooid; as  a zooidal form.
Zoolatry,The worship of animals.
Zoologer,A zoologist.
Zoological,Of or pertaining to zoology  or the science of animals.
Zoologically,In a zoological manner; according to the principles of zoology.
Zoologist,One who is well versed in zoology.
Zoologies,of Zoology
Zoomelanin,A pigment giving the black color to the feathers of many birds.
Zoomorphic,Of or pertaining to zoomorphism.
Zoomorphism,The transformation of men into beasts.
Zoa,of Zoon
Zoonic,Of or pertaining to animals; obtained from animal substances.
Zoonite,One of the segments of the body of an articulate animal.
Zoonule,Same as Zoonite.
Zoopathology,Animal pathology.
Zoophagan,A animal that feeds on animal food.
Zoophagous,Feeding on animals.
Zoophilist,A lover of animals.
Zoophily,Love of animals.
Zoophite,A zoophyte.
Zoophytic,Alt. of Zoophytical
Zoophytical,Of or pertaining to zoophytes.
Zoophytoid,Pertaining to  or resembling a zoophyte.
Zoophytology,The natural history zoophytes.
Zoopsychology,Animal psychology.
Zoosperm,One of the spermatic particles; spermatozoid.
Zoosporangium,A spore  or conceptacle containing zoospores.
Zoosporic,Of or pertaining to zoospores; of the nature of zoospores.
Zootomical,Of or pertaining to zootomy.
Zootomist,One who dissects animals  or is skilled in zootomy.
Zootrophic,Of or pertaining to the nourishment of animals.
Zoozoo,The wood pigeon.
Zope,A European fresh-water bream (Abramis ballerus).
Zopilote,The urubu  or American black vulture.
Zoril,Same as Zorilla.
Zoroastrian,Of or pertaining to Zoroaster  or his religious system.
Zoroastrism,Same as Zoroastrianism.
Zoster,Shingles.
Zosterops,A genus of birds that comprises the white-eyes. See White-eye.
Zubr,The aurochs.
Zuche,A stump of a tree.
Zuisin,The American widgeon.
Zumic,Alt. of Zumometer
Zumological,Alt. of Zumometer
Zumology,Alt. of Zumometer
Zumometer,See Zymic  Zymological etc.
Zygantra,of Zygantrum
Zygantrum,See under Zygosphene.
Zygapophyses,of Zygapophysis
Zygobranchiate,Of or pertaining to the Zygobranchia.
Zygodactyl,Alt. of Zygodactyle
Zygodactyle,Any zygodactylous bird.
Zygodactyli,Same as Scansores.
Zygodactylic,Alt. of Zygodactylous
Zygoma,The jugal  malar or cheek bone.
Zygomatic,Of  pertaining to or in the region of the zygoma.
Zygomorphic,Alt. of Zygomorphous
Zygosis,Same as Conjugation.
Zygospore,Same as Zygosperm.
Zylonite,Celluloid.
Zymase,A soluble ferment  or enzyme. See Enzyme.
Zyme,A ferment.
Zymogenic,Pertaining to  or formed by a zymogene.
Zymologic,Alt. of Zymological
Zymological,Of or pertaining to zymology.
Zymometer,Alt. of Zymosimeter
Zymophyte,A bacteroid ferment.
Zymose,Invertin.
Zymotic,Of  pertaining to or caused by fermentation.
Zythem,See Zythum.
Zythepsary,A brewery.
